{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0\nouicompat\deflang1033{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Merriweather;}{\f1\fnil\fcharset0 Open Sans;}}
{\*\generator Riched20 10.0.19041}\viewkind4\uc1 
\pard\sb480\sa120\sl240\slmult1\qc\b\f0\fs48\lang9 'The Actress Exits'\f1\fs24\par

\pard\sa200\sl240\slmult1\b0\line\ul\fs36 Characters\par

\pard\sa200\sl240\slmult1\ulnone\b\fs24 Narrator/Preview: \tab\tab\tab\tab\line Reinhard von Lohengramm: \tab\tab\b0\line\b Siegfried Kircheis: \tab\tab\tab\b0\line\b Annerose von Gr\'fcnewald:\line Paul von Oberstein: \tab\tab\line Oskar von Reuenthal:\line Wolfgang Mittermeyer:\line Friedrich IV:\line Klaus von Lichtenlade:\line Flegel:\line Ehrenberg:\line Sussanna von Beenem\'fcnde:\line\b0\line\line\line\line\line\line\line\line\line\line\line\line\line\line The Galactic Empire's 36th kaiser\par
of the Goldenbaum Dynasty,\par
Friedrich IV.\par
\par
This prosperous dynasty was already\par
\par
showing signs of decay\par
\par
before he ascended to the throne at age 29.\par
\par
Showing hardly any interest in affairs of state,\par
\par
he wholeheartedly squandered\par
\par
his time in pleasure, day and night.\par
\par
When he reached his mid-forties,\par
\par
trim, beautiful young women.\par
\par
Friedrich IV sought out\par
\par
First of all, a young lady who held the title of\par
\par
Marchioness Beenem\'fcnde monopolized his favor,\par
\par
but that did not continue for very long.\par
\par
One day, a member of the imperial household staff\par
\par
saw a 15-year-old girl called Annerose von M\'fcsel\par
\par
standing on a street corner.\par
\par
Annerose, who was welcomed to court,\par
\par
accepted Friedrich IV's favor.\par
\par
She was given the title of Countess Gr\'fcnewald.\par
\par
Annerose accepted her fate.\par
\par
Ten years have passed since then.\par
\par
Majesty!\par
\par
Your Majesty!\par
\par
Sussanna?\par
\par
Why doesn't His Majesty come back to me?\par
\par
It's all because of her.\par
\par
It's all that woman's fault!\par
\par
I detest that woman!\par
\par
That Annerose, who stole\par
\par
His Imperial Majesty from me!\par
\par
I want to tear her face off and devour it!\par
\par
His Majesty has also been depressed of late.\par
\par
That, too, has been since that woman came.\par
\par
We nobles who have hearts\par
\par
upon the Goldenbaum Dynasty,\par
\par
gossip that she's thrown an ominous shadow\par
\par
and that she should be exiled\par
\par
from the imperial court.\par
\par
Baron Fregel, you think so as well?\par
\par
Yes...\par
\par
along with that impertinent brat.\par
\par
You're right!\par
\par
They say that brat\par
\par
only gained the title of imperial marshal\par
\par
because he is that woman's little brother.\par
\par
The damned upstarts!\par
\par
The proper order of the empire is being destroyed.\par
\par
legitimate nobles been betrayed?\par
\par
How many times have we\par
\par
Nobody can bear one\par
\par
who brings gloom to our nation.\par
\par
That woman...\par
\par
If I bury Annerose,\par
\par
her little brother will lose his position, too.\par
\par
Will you help me?\par
\par
We have a common cause, do we not?\par
\par
Yes, gladly.\par
\par
It's not enough just to send her away.\par
\par
Disgrace that woman.\par
\par
will ever speak of is what an obscenity she was.\par
\par
Consign her to an oblivion where all anyone\par
\par
That will be suitable for that woman.\par
\par
For the sake of your gratitude,\par
\par
Marchioness Beenem\'fcnde,\par
\par
I, Baron Fregel, will lend you\par
\par
both power and resources.\par
\par
I see, I'll depend on you.\par
\par
All right?\par
\par
Carefully gather the performers,\par
\par
and be certain not to let my name slip.\par
\par
Very good, sir.\par
\par
towards Marchioness Beenem\'fcnde.\par
\par
And we need to turn the world's attention\par
\par
we'll put all the blame on her.\par
\par
If anything goes wrong,\par
\par
It will be seen to, Milord.\par
\par
Don't forget to shut any mouths that need it.\par
\par
Marchioness Beenem\'fcnde, too?\par
\par
Of course.\par
\par
She's a stupid woman.\par
\par
She wants to recall the sun after it's set.\par
\par
Even if Countess Gr\'fcnewald dies,\par
\par
His Majesty's favor won't return to her now.\par
\par
as we are doing now.\par
\par
You stop the sun from setting before it's set,\par
\par
Yes, sir.\par
\par
At any rate,\par
\par
give her as much help as possible.\par
\par
in order to bring down that impertinent brat,\par
\par
Yes, sir!\par
\par
I had a dream yesterday,\par
\par
a dream of when we were children.\par
\par
When the three of us, you, I, and my sister, played.\par
\par
Sometimes, I wonder:\par
\par
Which is reality, now or then?\par
\par
Now or then?\par
\par
Yes, perhaps I'm dreaming all of this now.\par
\par
Am I wandering in a long gallery of dreams?\par
\par
There are times when I think so.\par
\par
this dream and return to that day.\par
\par
And that, one day, I'll awaken from\par
\par
With you and I as children,\par
\par
Lord Reinhard, with Lady Annerose.\par
\par
And then I'll say to Lady Annerose,\par
\par
"I had a dream!\par
\par
The two of us became soldiers!\par
\par
We rode warships to the ends of space,\par
\par
doing great things!"\par
\par
By the way, there's a reason I summoned you.\par
\par
I received this.\par
\par
Please be careful!"\par
\par
"Mme. B. intends to kill Mme. G. of the court.\par
\par
"Mme. G."...\par
\par
Countess Gr\'fcnewald...\par
\par
In other words, my sister.\par
\par
And "Mme. B."...\par
\par
Most likely Marchioness Beenem\'fcnde.\par
\par
I think so, too.\par
\par
There's no reason to stand idly by.\par
\par
This is good timing.\par
\par
I'll order Oberstein to investigate it immediately.\par
\par
By one person being appointed\par
\par
to a position of trust,\par
\par
how many people will lose their positions?\par
\par
The court is awash in hatred, envy, jealousy,\par
\par
every ugly emotion there is.\par
\par
Not a few people envy you and Lady Annerose.\par
\par
I fear there are several plots winding through it.\par
\par
But the delivery of a note like this\par
\par
with secret information\par
\par
proves that your enemies have enemies.\par
\par
And the most frightening thing of all\par
\par
will be the day that all those enemies\par
\par
join together to act as one.\par
\par
The court is a spider's web.\par
\par
Intrigue upon intrigue winding through it like traps.\par
\par
It's no place for my sister.\par
\par
At that time in the Galactic Empire,\par
\par
daily war councils were convened concerning\par
\par
the recapture of Iserlohn Fortress.\par
\par
As an imperial marshal, Reinhard too was\par
\par
a frequent attendee and kept extremely busy.\par
\par
Mme. B. intends to kill Mme. G. of the court.\par
\par
Please be careful!\par
\par
Meanwhile, the rumors\par
\par
that Marchioness Beenem\'fcnde\par
\par
was planning to murder Annerose\par
\par
throughout the imperial court.\par
\par
had taken wing and spread\par
\par
What are you saying?\par
\par
be confined to my local manor?!\par
\par
I must leave this mansion and\par
\par
Indeed, that is His Majesty's will.\par
\par
If His Majesty feels that way, I will abide by that.\par
\par
But why doesn't His Majesty come to me himself\par
\par
and command me to do so?!\par
\par
Why does His Majesty...\par
\par
At any rate, His Majesty is busy with pressing work.\par
\par
Pressing work?!\par
\par
Sitting at that woman's feet keeps him so busy?!\par
\par
That's it! It's that woman, isn't it?\par
\par
scheming to drive me away!\par
\par
She's deceiving His Majesty and\par
\par
Marchioness Beenem\'fcnde,\par
\par
I regret what's happened,\par
\par
speak ill of anyone like that.\par
\par
but I have never heard Countess Gr\'fcnewald\par
\par
In my opinion,\par
\par
that is what His Majesty likes about her.\par
\par
You're siding with her, too?!\par
\par
Get out! Get out of here at once!\par
\par
At any rate,\par
\par
I have communicated His Majesty's wishes.\par
\par
Your Majesty...\par
\par
Your Majesty, why don't you understand how I feel?\par
\par
I heard the whole thing.\par
\par
Fregel, what should I do?\par
\par
We must strike as soon as possible.\par
\par
being spread by Countess Gr\'fcnewald.\par
\par
Those strange rumors are probably\par
\par
That woman?\par
\par
She feigns friendliness while driving me away!\par
\par
There's not a moment to lose!\par
\par
Carry out the plan we agreed on!\par
\par
Understood.\par
\par
I'll loan you a few reliable men.\par
\par
However, you must keep my involvement a secret.\par
\par
I understand!\par
\par
Fregel, you're the only one I can depend on.\par
\par
Only you!\par
\par
Lady Annerose!\par
\par
It's terrible!\par
\par
Count Lohengramm has been...\par
\par
What about my brother?\par
\par
The count was badly injured\par
\par
while reviewing an exercise!\par
\par
My brother?!\par
\par
You've been asked to come at once!\par
\par
I understand, let's go.\par
\par
Wasn't that Countess Gr\'fcnewald?\par
\par
Yes, I think it was.\par
\par
that has supported this empire.\par
\par
The mighty Iserlohn Fortress is the front line\par
\par
It is the Imperial military's duty to\par
\par
recapture that fortress at all costs.\par
\par
The recapture plan...\par
\par
Vice Admiral Kircheis, you're here?\par
\par
Well, if it isn't you two.\par
\par
We called at the admiral's rooms, but he's out.\par
\par
The conference is probably dragging on.\par
\par
What is it?\par
\par
Well, we saw Countess Gr\'fcnewald just now.\par
\par
Lady Annerose?\par
\par
Yes, she looked like she was in a rush,\par
\par
and we were concerned.\par
\par
That is strange.\par
\par
She usually never leaves Neue Sans Souci.\par
\par
She was headed towards the western suburbs.\par
\par
Could that be it?\par
\par
Who are you?!\par
\par
Why don't you come with us quietly?\par
\par
I'd like to contact\par
\par
Imperial Marshal Lohengramm at once.\par
\par
His Excellency is in an important\par
\par
strategic conference right now.\par
\par
I'll take a message.\par
\par
I want to tell His Excellency directly.\par
\par
This is an emergency.\par
\par
Regulations forbid it.\par
\par
Your message, please.\par
\par
You can't ask to see him.\par
\par
Understood, never mind.\par
\par
We can't worry His Excellency unnecessarily.\par
\par
Vice Admiral Mittermeyer, you said the car\par
\par
was headed for the western suburbs, right?\par
\par
Yes.\par
\par
Where are you going?\par
\par
To check out a hunch.\par
\par
Alone?\par
\par
This is a private matter.\par
\par
to Count Lohengramm.\par
\par
We've all entrusted our fates\par
\par
We can't leave it as a private matter.\par
\par
But...\par
\par
Your only clue is one surface car.\par
\par
How do you intend to find it\par
\par
when we're the ones who actually saw it?\par
\par
Understood, then please help.\par
\par
You're Marchioness Beenem\'fcnde.\par
\par
Why did you bring me here?\par
\par
Shameless woman!\par
\par
You vixen!\par
\par
A vixen who deceives His Majesty's heart!\par
\par
You can't fool me, though!\par
\par
and then you and your brother\par
\par
You'll steal His Majesty's heart,\par
\par
will try to steal the nation!\par
\par
I have no such intention!\par
\par
Shut up!\par
\par
All your schemes will come to nothing.\par
\par
You will drink this.\par
\par
Tomorrow morning, your corpse will be\par
\par
discovered in the village\par
\par
lying in a heap with some nobody.\par
\par
People will talk.\par
\par
Countess Gr\'fcnewald,\par
\par
Saying even though she was called\par
\par
in the end she was a commoner,\par
\par
a commoner who tricked His Majesty\par
\par
and had an affair with another commoner.\par
\par
Your name will be erased as the immoral\par
\par
woman who betrayed His Majesty.\par
\par
Now, drink.\par
\par
Isn't that it?\par
\par
That cabin?\par
\par
There are many nobles' villas in this area.\par
\par
Let's check it out.\par
\par
Two enemies.\par
\par
Right! Reuenthal, take the one on the left!\par
\par
Okay, and you take the one on the right.\par
\par
Vice Admiral Kircheis, cover us!\par
\par
Nice job!\par
\par
Sieg!\par
\par
That's far enough.\par
\par
Marchioness Beenem\'fcnde, I presume?\par
\par
This isn't going to help you.\par
\par
There's still time.\par
\par
Please, let Countess Gr\'fcnewald go.\par
\par
Don't be ridiculous!\par
\par
Drop your guns, all of you!\par
\par
Should I hurt this woman?\par
\par
The two in back, as well!\par
\par
Lady Annerose!\par
\par
Sieg!\par
\par
Lady Annerose!\par
\par
Lady Annerose!\par
\par
Sieg, I'm glad you came.\par
\par
You're safe.\par
\par
I'm very sorry I'm late.\par
\par
Although, on this occasion, it was better to be late.\par
\par
Oberstein, you cut the power?\par
\par
Anyway, we need to inform His Excellency.\par
\par
Imperial Marshal Lohengramm...\par
\par
from Vice Admiral Kircheis.\par
\par
you received several calls\par
\par
What's the meaning of this, Kircheis?\par
\par
Lady Annerose is safe, with barely a scratch.\par
\par
She's been taken home to Neue Sans Souci.\par
\par
And the criminal?\par
\par
Marchioness Beenem\'fcnde,\par
\par
which complicates things.\par
\par
We should probably leave this to court security.\par
\par
We don't know the identity of the hired men.\par
\par
No, we do.\par
\par
Baron Fregel is pulling their strings.\par
\par
Fregel?!\par
\par
Take good care of your sister.\par
\par
I regret I wasn't able to get any proof of it.\par
\par
Unreliable fools!\par
\par
I beg your pardon.\par
\par
Make certain they keep their secrets.\par
\par
You know what I mean.\par
\par
Yes, Milord.\par
\par
I'm sorry, but what shall we do\par
\par
about Marchioness Beenem\'fcnde?\par
\par
We've no choice.\par
\par
I'll ask my uncle to do something.\par
\par
It tormented Sussanna that much?\par
\par
a mountain of jewels, so it's to be expected.\par
\par
Your Majesty's favor is more priceless than\par
\par
might drive her into a frenzy.\par
\par
I shouldn't be surprised that losing it\par
\par
Settle this painlessly.\par
\par
Yes, Your Majesty.\par
\par
We should visit her grave soon.\par
\par
You still have your beauty, Sussanna.\par
\par
His Majesty!\par
\par
Where is His Majesty?\par
\par
Let me see His Majesty!\par
\par
As Acting Imperial Prime Minister,\par
\par
I issue Kaiser Friedrich's imperial command.\par
\par
assassination of Countess Gr\'fcnewald,\par
\par
"For the crimes of the kidnapping and attempted\par
\par
Marchioness Beenem\'fcnde is sentenced to death.\par
\par
Out of His extraordinary affection for her,\par
\par
she will be permitted to carry it out herself.\par
\par
Further, she shall be given a funeral\par
\par
with honors befitting her."\par
\par
Why? Why must I be punished?!\par
\par
I was only getting rid of a cunning woman\par
\par
who is doing harm to the Goldenbaum Dynasty!\par
\par
Everything is that woman's fault!\par
\par
That woman...\par
\par
And her brother!\par
\par
Are you satisfied, Marchioness?\par
\par
L-let go of me!\par
\par
His Majesty! Just let me see His Majesty once!\par
\par
Your Majesty...\par
\par
Your Majesty, why won't you come?\par
\par
I just wanted it to be like it was...\par
\par
Your Majesty...\par
\par
Your Majesty...\par
\par
Marchioness Beenem\'fcnde has passed away.\par
\par
Well, well...\par
\par
Don't think you'll get away with it the next time!\par
\par
Marchioness Beenem\'fcnde committed suicide.\par
\par
Reinhard, please forgive her.\par
\par
That woman?\par
\par
Who would have murdered my own sister?!\par
\par
Everyone carries their own sorrow and pain.\par
\par
Please understand her feelings.\par
\par
Having been raised up on a grand stage,\par
\par
only to be forgotten in the end...\par
\par
Her sorrow, the sorrow she had...\par
\par
Sister...\par
\par
The declining Goldenbaum Dynasty\par
\par
of the Galactic Empire...\par
\par
haunted it deeply within,\par
\par
The focus of its decadence\par
\par
causing all kinds of incidents.\par
\par
within the imperial court in the strictest secrecy.\par
\par
But as was usual, they were dealt with\par
\par
The Actress Exits\par
\par
The next day, it would be announced\par
\par
that Marchioness Beenem\'fcnde\par
\par
had died from an illness.\par
\par
In their hearts, people amass\par
\par
Tears of such magnificent warmth\par
\par
You go on, though the way is blocked\par
\par
By heavy futility as the war drags on\par
\par
Don't kill your dreams\par
\par
Follow your dreams\par
\par
Follow the glimmer of the distant galaxy\par
\par
With your cheeks wet with tears catching the light\par
\par
Make for that happy day\par
\par
Cross the bridge of light\par
\par
Lay bare your heart\par
\par
Cross the bridge of light\par
\par
Set free your tears and love\par
\par
NEXT EPISODE\par
\par
a peace treaty to the Empire,\par
\par
Despite Yang's expectation of offering\par
\par
to invade Imperial territory.\par
\par
the Alliance military decides instead\par
\par
of the greatest military operation in history?\par
\par
But what lies beneath the announcement\par
\par
Next time, on Legend of the Galactic Heroes,\par
\par
"The Invasion of the Empire"\par
\par
Episode 12:\par
\par
The Invasion of the Empire\par
\par
Next Legend of the Galactic Heroes\par
\par
Another page turns in the history of the galaxy.\par
}
 