{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0\nouicompat\deflang1033{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Merriweather;}{\f1\fnil\fcharset0 Open Sans;}{\f2\fnil\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\colortbl ;\red204\green204\blue204;\red183\green183\blue183;\red255\green229\blue153;\red255\green153\blue0;\red224\green102\blue102;}
{\*\generator Riched20 10.0.19041}\viewkind4\uc1 
\pard\sb480\sa120\sl240\slmult1\qc\b\f0\fs48\lang9 The Rosen Ritter\par

\pard\sl276\slmult1\ul\b0\f1\fs36\line\ulnone\f2\fs22\par
\par

\pard\sl276\slmult1\qc\b\fs48 Scene 1\par

\pard\sl276\slmult1\b0\i\fs22 OST [02 - Symphony No. 3 D minor first movement (Mahler)Galactic empire Side]\par
\i0\par
\par
\highlight1\fs32 Narrator:\highlight0\fs22\line\cf2\b\i [Grandiose]\cf0\b0\i0\line The impregnable Iserlohn Fortress.\line This is the Empire's large satellite in the Iserlohn corridor, the only navigable route linking the Free Planets Alliance and the Galactic Empire.\line This fortress guards the Imperial\rquote s territory, preventing invasion by the Alliance.\par
The Alliance has devoted every effort to the capture of this fortress.\par
Six times during the past four and a half centuries they deployed massive fleets against the fortress, but each attempt the alliance had ended up as routers with countless sacrifices.\par
There are two commanders in the Iserlohn Fortress.\par
The first is Admiral Thoma von Stockhausen, the Fortress Commander.\par
The other is Admiral Hans Dietrich von Seeckt, commanding the Iserlohn Fleet.\par
The two of them disagree about everything, simply despising each other with ever growing contempt.\par
While insulting each other, they compete fiercely for glory during Alliance attacks, with little cooperation.\par
As a result of this, there lies two competing forces at Iserlohn.\par
These are Admiral Seeckts stationed Iserlohn fleet and Admiral Stockhausen's fortress garrison.\par
There is also their enormous weapon, the giant cannon named the Thor Hammer.\par
The capture of Iserlohn was the first mission given to Yang Wenli as the commander of the newly formed 13th Fleet.\par
\par
\highlight1\fs32 Yang Wenli:\line\cf2\highlight0\b\i\fs22 [Grunting, Sleepy, Groggy]\cf0\highlight1\b0\i0\fs32\line\highlight0\fs22\line\highlight1\fs32 Julian:\line\cf2\highlight0\b\i\fs22 [Naggy]\line\cf0\b0\i0 Ahh, you're still sleeping.\par
\cf2\b\i [Serious]\line\cf0\b0\i0 Rear Admiral, Please get up!\par
Hey! Come on, get outta bed!\par
\par
\highlight1\fs32 Yang Wenli:\line\cf2\highlight0\b\i\fs22 [Grunting, Groggy]\line\cf0\b0\i0 Julian. \line If I\rquote m... if I'm ever elected to the High Council, the first thing I'll do is make it a capital offense to interfere with a morning nap...\par
\par
\highlight1\fs32 Julian:\line\cf2\highlight0\b\i\fs22 [Annoyed]\line\cf0\b0\i0 What are ya talking about\par
If you don't hurry, you'll be late for an important ceremony!\par
\par
\highlight1\fs32 Yang Wenli:\line\cf2\highlight0\b\i\fs22 [Forgetful, Sleepy]\line\cf0\b0\i0 Important ceremony?\par
\par
\highlight1\fs32 Julian:\line\cf2\highlight0\b\i\fs22 [Calm, Like a Parent ]\cf0\b0\i0\line *Sigh* Have you forgotten?\par
It's the 13th Fleet formation ceremony.\par
\par
\highlight1\fs32 Yang Wenli:\par
\cf2\highlight0\b\i\fs22 [Jump out of bed Shocked ]\cf0\b0\i0 Hahhhhhhhh???\par
\par
\highlight1\fs32 Trunicht:\line\cf2\highlight0\b\i\fs22 [Serious, Formal]\line\cf0\b0\i0 Gentlemen, the 13th Fleet is our military's crack unit.\par
The veterans of the Battle of Astarte, joined with our up and coming youth.\par
Their express purpose of capturing Iserlohn\'85[Cut off a little here]\par
\highlight3 [You're gonna have to make up a speech for this. All dialogue after this is in the background and continues into the next line for this character.  Write it in yourself on here or on your own. If you need help just ask me i can probably make up some lines fitting to his character]\line\highlight4 (31 Sec long speech)\highlight3\line\highlight0 [My personal written script]\line ~ Fortress is their top priority! Their first duty, being such an important task is truly an honour. Not many men could say their first task as a fleet was of such importance, and the 13th fleet can be proud of that. As proud as our great Republic is of them for taking it on. Of course this is no easy task, some may even call it suicidal! But rest assured, you are fighting for a good cause, you are fighting for your homeland! That is why we all chose this path, to defend our great nation. So shall we not fight together!?\line\par
\highlight1\fs32 Ed:\line\cf2\highlight0\b\i\fs22 [Not Believing the Bullshit]\par
\cf0\b0\i0 What ``up and coming?''\par
Isn't it more like scraping together stragglers and recruits?\par
4:40\par
\highlight1\fs32 Hazuki:\line\cf2\highlight0\b\i\fs22 [Pondering, Matter of Fact]\line\cf0\b0\i0 The rumors say this fleet's supposed to capture Iserlohn Fortress.\par
\par
\highlight1\fs32 Ed:\line\cf2\highlight0\b\i\fs22 [Quizzical, Sick of this Shit]\line\cf0\b0\i0 You're saying that men like us, who missed death at Astarte, are gonna get another chance?\par
\par
\highlight1\fs32 Simon:\line\cf2\highlight0\b\i\fs22 [Hall-Monitor]\line\cf0\b0\i0 Hey, whispering is prohibited.\par
\par
\highlight1\fs32 Ed:\line\cf2\highlight0\b\i\fs22 [Smug]\line\cf0\b0\i0 Like I care.\line\cf2\b\i [Humourful, Annoyed]\par
\cf0\b0\i0 First of all, what kind of commander doesn't show up at his own fleet's inauguration?\par
HE\rquote S the Hero of El Facil? Really starting to doubt that, but in a way, isn't it fitting for him to run away?\par
\par
\highlight1\fs32 Trunicht:\line\cf2\highlight0\b\i\fs22 [Formal, Ceremony, Somewhat Angry]\line [Continuing here with the actual lines]\line\cf0\b0\i0 ...shall we not fight together?!\par
\par
\highlight1\fs32 Cazellnu:\highlight0\fs22\line\cf2\b\i [Urgent, Anxious, Angry]\line\cf0\b0\i0  Finally, there you are! You\rquote re Late!\par
\par
\highlight1\fs32 Yang:\line\cf2\highlight0\b\i\fs22 [Out of Breathe, Guilty]\par
\cf0\b0\i0 Ah. I'm terribly Sorry\par
\par
\highlight1\fs32 Cazellnu:\line\cf2\highlight0\b\i\fs22 [Worried, Urgent]\line\cf0\b0\i0 Hurry... you're on right now!\par
\par
\par
\highlight1\fs32 Trunicht:\line\cf2\highlight0\b\i\fs22 [Grandiose]\line\cf0\b0\i0 Well, then, the first Commander of the 13th Fleet.\par
Let me introduce Rear Admiral Yang Wenli!\par
\par
\highlight1\fs32 Yang:\line\cf2\highlight0\b\i\fs22 [Nervous, Still Sleepy, Terrible at Speeches, Fumbling]\line\cf0\b0\i0 Okay, how do I put this...\line\cf2\b\i [Alt] \cf0\b0\i0 Uhhhh, lets see here\par
This is very\'85\line\cf2\b\i [Alt] \cf0\b0\i0 This is quite the\'85.\par
This isn't about "doing it for the homeland" or "risking our lives."\par
No.. Well\'85It\rquote s because we can only drink good tea while we're alive.\line Everyone, let's fight so we don't die. Thank you... \par
\par
\highlight1\fs32 Ed:\line\cf2\highlight0\b\i\fs22 [Pleasantly Surprised, Optimistic]\line\cf0\b0\i0 Sensible, ain\rquote t he?\par
\par
\highlight1\fs32 Hazuki:\line\cf2\highlight0\b\i\fs22 [Pleasantly Surprised]\line\cf0\b0\i0 No Joke.\line [alt] This commander's a weird one.\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par

\pard\sl276\slmult1\qc\b\fs48 Scene 2\b0\fs22\par

\pard\sl276\slmult1\i [5:52]\line OST [12 - Piano Quintet _Trout_ first movement (Schubert)]\par
[09 - Symphony No. 5 in C-sharp minor I. Funeral March (Gustav Mahler)]\par
\par
\highlight1\i0\fs32 Cazellnu:\line\cf2\highlight0\b\i\fs22 [Pleasantly Surprised, Smug]\line\cf0\b0\i0 Well, I gotta tell ya, that couldn\rquote t have been more like you.\par
Both the fact that the commander was late for the inauguration ceremony, and that speech.\par
\par
\highlight1\fs32 Yang:\line\cf2\highlight0\b\i\fs22 [Feeling foolish]\line\cf0\b0\i0 Ah well,\cf2\b\i  \cf0\b0\i0 I guess I panicked. My mind just went blank.\par
\par
\highlight1\fs32 Cazellnu:\line\cf2\highlight0\b\i\fs22 [Serious,Quizzical]\line\cf0\b0\i0 Heheh\'85\cf2\b\i  \cf0\b0\i0 By the way, about the capture of Iserlohn...\par
Is there any chance of victory with just half a fleet?\par
\par
\highlight1\fs32 Yang:\line\cf2\highlight0\b\i\fs22 [Shifty, Pretending not to know]\line\cf0\b0\i0 Well\'85\cf2\b\i  \cf0\b0\i0 Whether there is or isn't...\par
\par
\highlight1\fs32 Cazellnu:\line\cf2\highlight0\b\i\fs22 [Feeling left out, Slightly-Mad]\par
\cf0\b0\i0 Hey! Are you hiding secrets, even from me?\par
\par
\highlight1\fs32 Yang:\line\cf2\highlight0\b\i\fs22 [Calm, Playful]\line\cf0\b0\i0 I'll just say this. You should wait 'til later.\par
You'll appreciate it more.\par
\par
\par
\par
\highlight1\fs32 Cazellnu:\line\cf2\highlight0\b\i\fs22 [Playful, Disappointed]\line\cf0\b0\i0 Hmph, Fine.\par
\cf2\b\i [Serious]\line\cf0\b0\i0 If there\rquote s any resources you need to prepare, please don't hesitate to ask. \cf2\b\i\line\cf0\b0\i0 I can request them without having to bribe anyone...\cf2\b\i  [Cut off]\par
\cf0\b0\i0\par
\highlight1\fs32 Waitress:\line\cf2\highlight0\b\i\fs22 [Incredibly Apologetic, Slightly Hysterical ]\line\cf0\b0\i0 Oh Gosh! I'm sorry!\par
I'm very very sorry!\par
[Possibly give southern Accent]\line\par
\highlight1\fs32 Fat Alliance Soldier:\highlight0\fs22\line\cf2\b\i [Asshole, Smug, Anger]\line\cf0\b0\i0 When you dishonor our uniforms, you dishonor our military!\par
\par
\highlight1\fs32 Schenkopp:\line\cf2\highlight0\b\i\fs22 [Matter of Fact, Disgusted]\line\cf0\b0\i0 Picking fights with a young lady is also quite dishonorable, don\rquote t you think?\line\par
\highlight1\fs32 Fat Alliance Soldier:\highlight0\fs22\line\cf2\b\i [Intimidated, Scared]\line\cf0\b0\i0 Who the hell are you?!\par
\par
\highlight1\fs32 Schenkopp:\line\cf2\highlight0\b\i\fs22 [Matter of Fact, Smug]\line\cf0\b0\i0 Walter von Schenkopp.\par
If I said, ``The Regimental Commander of the Rosen-Ritter\rdblquote\par
\cf2\b\i [Demanding, Intimidating]\line\cf0\b0\i0 Would that ring a bell?\par
7:05\par
\highlight1\fs32 Extra Soldier: \line\cf2\highlight0\b\i\fs22 [Whispering]\line\cf0\b0\i0 [Mumbling] ...Be careful.\par
\highlight1\fs32 Schenkopp:\line\cf2\highlight0\b\i\fs22 [Hostile, Angrier at End of sentence]\line\cf0\b0\i0 Seems like you\rquote re still worried about that stain, so here!\par
\par
\highlight1\fs32 Extra Soldier 2:\line\cf2\highlight0\b\i\fs22 [Angry, Insulted]\cf0\b0\i0\line Bastard! You think you can insult us?!\par
We're officers under the direct command of Chairman Trunicht!\par
\par
\highlight1\fs32 Extra Soldier:\line\cf2\highlight0\b\i\fs22 [Angry]\line\cf0\b0\i0 He'll have you court-martialed!\par
\par
\highlight1\fs32 Schenkopp:\line\cf2\highlight0\b\i\fs22 [Without care, Unintimidated]\line\cf0\b0\i0 Oh, please, go ahead.\line\cf2\b\i [Smug]\par
\cf0\b0\i0 And that court-martial will also include an officer who assaulted a civilian.\line Now what if that was reported?\par
\cf2\b\i [Hearty Laughter]\line\cf0\b0\i0\par
\highlight1\fs32 Fat Alliance Soldier:\line\cf2\highlight0\b\i\fs22 [Angry, Louder tone]\line\cf0\b0\i0 Sonuva bitch!\par
\par
\highlight1\fs32 Schenkopp:\line\cf2\highlight0\b\i\fs22 [Smug, Aloof, Throws him back with end of sentence]\line\cf0\b0\i0 You can have me for an enemy, if you so wish.\par
\par
\highlight1\fs32 Extra Soldier 2:\line\cf2\highlight0\b\i\fs22 [Intimidated, Bowing Down]\line\cf0\b0\i0 L... let's get out of here.\par
\par
\highlight1\fs32 Schenkopp:\line\cf2\highlight0\b\i\fs22 [To himself, Interested tone]\line\cf0\b0\i0 Whether in the Empire or the Alliance, corruption in the military is all the same, huh.\par
\par
\highlight1\fs32 Waitress:\line\cf2\highlight0\b\i\fs22 [Overly Thankful]\line\cf0\b0\i0 Thank you very much!\par
\par
\highlight1\fs32 Cazellnu:\line\cf2\highlight0\b\i\fs22 [Stating, Slight Interest]\line\cf0\b0\i0 The Rosen-Ritter, huh?\par
As a close combat squadron formed from children of Imperial exiles they have unmatched skill in battle, but no fleet can control them.\line\par
\highlight1\fs32 Yang:\line\cf2\highlight0\b\i\fs22 [Listing, Interested, Slight Smug]\line\cf0\b0\i0 Hmmm\'85 You mentioned resources a little while ago, didn't you?\par
If you can, Please procure one Imperial vessel.\par
There should be spoils from previous battles.\par
I'll also need about 200 Imperial uniforms.\par
And...\par
\par
\highlight1\fs32 Cazellnu:\line\cf2\highlight0\b\i\fs22 [Quizzical]\line\cf0\b0\i0 And...?\par
\par
\highlight1\fs32 Yang:\line\cf2\highlight0\b\i\fs22 [Slight Smug]\line\cf0\b0\i0 Those Rosen-Ritter boys to be put in our fleet.\par
\par
\highlight1\fs32 Cazellnu:\line\cf2\highlight0\b\i\fs22 [Surprised, Shocked]\line\cf0\b0\i0 The Rosen-Ritter?!\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par

\pard\sl276\slmult1\qc\b\fs48 Scene 3\b0\fs22\par

\pard\sl276\slmult1\i [8:24]\par
[OST] 06 - clarinet concerto's second movement (Mozart)\par
\i0\par
\par
\highlight1\fs32 Reinhard:\line\cf2\highlight0\b\i\fs22 [Calm, Quizzical]\line\cf0\b0\i0 Hm, What?\par
That man is the commander of the newly formed 13th Fleet?\par
\par
\highlight1\fs32 Kircheis:\line\cf2\highlight0\b\i\fs22 [Calm]\line\cf0\b0\i0 Yes, sir.\par
It's the latest report that the Defense Ministry got from Phezzan.\par
Indeed, it is being treated as insignificant, but...\par
\par
\highlight1\fs32 Reinhard:\line\cf2\highlight0\b\i\fs22 [Humble, Refined Tone]\line\cf0\b0\i0 Among the stars that shine in space, \par
individual movements are insignificant.\par
However, the appearance of a single fixed star\par
 will also change the maps of all the heavenly bodies.\par
\cf2\b\i [Quieter then previous lines, Calm, Quizzical]\par
\cf0\b0\i0 Yang Wenli\'85 are you only a planet or, are you a new, fixed ,shining star?\par
Yang Wenli\'85 Are you only a planet, or a you a new star, shining in the firmament?\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par

\pard\sl276\slmult1\qc\b\fs48 Scene 4\b0\fs22\par

\pard\sl276\slmult1\i [9:04]\par
[OST]\par
\i0\par
\par
\highlight1\fs32 Dusty:\line\cf2\highlight0\b\i\fs22 [Quizzical, Gossipy]\line\cf0\b0\i0 Yang, I heard your fleet will be on the assault on Iserlohn.\line Other fleet commanders have been gossiping over drinks\par
and saying "Yang's fleet capturing Iserlohn is like a lion being beaten to death barehanded by a baby still in diapers."\par
\line\highlight1\fs32 Yang:\line\cf2\highlight0\b\i\fs22 [Slight surprise, Agreeable]\par
\cf0\b0\i0 Hmmm? It's pretty accurate, isn't it?\par
\par
\highlight1\fs32 Dusty:\line\cf2\highlight0\b\i\fs22 [Slight Surprise]\line\cf0\b0\i0 O..oh, you think so?\par
\cf2\b\i [Jokingly, Slight Nervousness]\par
\cf0\b0\i0 But you know If the 5th Fleets old man Bucock just said one word, he\rquote d probably shut them all up\par
\line\highlight1\fs32 Yang:\line\cf2\highlight0\b\i\fs22 [Smug, Jokingly]\line\cf0\b0\i0 Hoohhhhh\'85\line\line\highlight1\fs32 Dusty:\line\cf2\highlight0\b\i\fs22 [Optimistic, Anticipating]\line\cf0\b0\i0 Oh yeah, what are you doing tonight? \par
How about a promotion celebration that people won't gossip about?\par
\par
\highlight1\fs32 Yang:\line\cf2\highlight0\b\i\fs22 [Apologetic, Guilty]\par
\cf0\b0\i0 No... sorry, Dusty.\par
But could we get drinks some other time?\par
There's less than a day left before mobilization and I have no spare time at all.\par
\par
\highlight1\fs32 Dusty:\line\cf2\highlight0\b\i\fs22 [Optimistic, Calm]\line\cf0\b0\i0 Alright! Dont worry about it\par
Maybe next time, see ya.\par
\line\highlight1\fs32 Yang:\line\highlight0\fs22 Mmm.\line\cf2\b\i [Sigh]\par
\cf0\b0\i0\par
\highlight1\fs32 Cazellnu:\line\cf2\highlight0\b\i\fs22 [Sent message, Friendly, Later Business Tone]\par
\cf0\b0\i0 Hey, It's Cazellnu.\line So how comfortable is that Fleet Commander's chair?\line By the way, about the aide you requested from personnel, transferring a brilliant youngster was a tall order, but I found one who'll suit you.\par
The Salutatorian graduate of the 794th Class of the Officers' School.\par
Not exactly someone who\rquote s below average, huh?\par
Currently on duty in Information Analysis at the Joint Operations Division.\par
Chief of Staff, Greenhill, personally made the recommendation.\par
They'll be sent to you later.\par
\par
\highlight1\fs32 Yang:\line\cf2\highlight0\b\i\fs22 [Aloof, Monotone]\line\cf0\b0\i0 Come on in.\line\cf2\b\i [Awkward Surprised Noises]\par
\cf0\b0\i0\par
\highlight1\fs32 Frederica:\par
\cf2\highlight0\b\i\fs22 [Disciplined]\line\cf0\b0\i0 Reporting!\par
I have been appointed as your aide.\par
Lt Junior Grade Frederica Greenhill.\par
\par
\highlight1\fs32 Yang:\line\cf2\highlight0\b\i\fs22 [Taken Aback]\line\cf0\b0\i0 Ah. uh.. Frederica Greenhill?\par
It can't be...\par
Admiral Greenhill's...\par
\par
\highlight1\fs32 Frederica:\line\cf2\highlight0\b\i\fs22 [Disciplined, Matter of Fact]\line\cf0\b0\i0 Yes, sir...\par
I've heard all about you from my father.\par
\par
\highlight1\fs32 Yang:\line\cf2\highlight0\b\i\fs22 [Whisper to himself]\line\cf0\b0\i0 Damn that Cazellnu. He set me up.\par
\line\highlight1\fs32 Frederica:\line\cf2\highlight0\b\i\fs22 [Couldn't hear her major]\line\cf0\b0\i0 Huh?\par
\par
\highlight1\fs32 Yang:\line\cf2\highlight0\b\i\fs22 [Nervous]\line\cf0\b0\i0 Oh, nothing!\par
I don't know what to say.\par
Anyway, I look forward to working with you.\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par

\pard\sl276\slmult1\qc\b\fs48 Scene 5\b0\fs22\par

\pard\sl276\slmult1\i [10:57]\line [OST]  03 - Revolution of the Heart\i0\line\line\par
\highlight1\fs32 Narrator:\line\cf2\highlight0\b\i\fs22 [History Tone, Slow]\line\cf0\b0\i0 Space year 796, April 27th.\par
The Free Planets' 13th Fleet, under the command of Rear Admiral Yang Wenli started on its journey to capture the Empire's Iserlohn Fortress.\par
\line\highlight1\fs32 Greenhill:\line\cf2\highlight0\b\i\fs22 [Worried, Direct, Calm]\line\cf0\b0\i0 You gave a bold order, didn't you, Sir?\par
If he fails, will you be forced to resign?\par
\par
\highlight1\fs32 Sidney:\line\cf2\highlight0\b\i\fs22 [Matter of Fact, Disheartened]\line\cf0\b0\i0 As it stands, I'll probably be forced to retire when they hold the next election for director general.\par
That's also considering our defeat at Astarte.\par
If that happens, Mr. Trunicht's influence is sure to increase.\par
\par
\highlight1\fs32 Greenhill:\line\cf2\highlight0\b\i\fs22 [Matter of fact, Slight Doubt/Contempt, Calm]\line\cf0\b0\i0 Therefore, you\rquote re hoping to count on Rear Admiral Yang?\par
You seem confident about it.\par
\par
\highlight1\fs32 Sidney:\line\cf2\highlight0\b\i\fs22 [Slight Smug, Slight Nervous, Unsure]\line\cf0\b0\i0 And you ain\rquote t?\par
\par
\highlight1\fs32 Frederica:\line\cf2\highlight0\b\i\fs22 [Disciplined]\line\cf0\b0\i0 Admiral, all ships are prepared for launch.\par
\par
\highlight1\fs32 Yang:\line\cf2\highlight0\b\i\fs22 [Order]\line\cf0\b0\i0 Mhm. 13th Fleet, set sail.\par
\par
12:36\par
\highlight1\fs32 Murai:\line\cf2\highlight0\b\i\fs22 [Matter of Fact, Calm]\line\cf0\b0\i0 Since this deployment is being called a training mission to outsiders, we'll start off headed for the Burhan system, in the opposite direction of Iserlohn Fortress.\par
After that, we'll assume this course for Iserlohn.\par
\par
\highlight1\fs32 Edwin Fischer:\line\cf2\highlight0\b\i\fs22 [Matter of Fact, Calm]\line\cf0\b0\i0 Yes, it's a full two weeks' journey to the corridor.\par
\par
\highlight1\fs32 Yang:\line\cf2\highlight0\b\i\fs22 [Slight Enthusiasm]\line\cf0\b0\i0 Commodore Fischer, I'll leave the rest up to you.\par
\par
\highlight1\fs32 Ed:\line\cf2\highlight0\b\i\fs22 [Telling a joke, Snarky Tone]\line\cf0\b0\i0 Seeing as how they say the admiral gets lost driving around Heinessen by himself, he's leaving everything to a master fleet deployment manager like old man Fischer.\par
\par
\par
\highlight1\fs32 Simon:\line\highlight0\fs22 [\cf2\b\i Aloof, Sceptical]\line\cf0\b0\i0 Huuuuh? Can we really count on this guy?\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par

\pard\sl276\slmult1\qc\b\fs48 Scene 6\b0\fs22\par

\pard\sl276\slmult1\i [13:11]\line [OST]\par
\i0\par
\par
\highlight1\fs32 Yang:\line\cf2\highlight0\b\i\fs22 [Optimistic, Calm, Humble]\line\cf0\b0\i0 ...So, this is the plan that I've been considering.\par
It's impossible to take out the impregnable Iserlohn Fortress just from the outside.\par
But, By infiltrating inside we'll certainly be able to control its nerve center.\par
\par
\highlight1\fs32 Edwin Fischer:\highlight0\fs22\line\cf2\b\i [Slowly Said, Somewhat Disappointed, Confused]\line\cf0\b0\i0 Infiltration?\par
\par
\highlight1\fs32 Fyodor Patorichev:\line\cf2\highlight0\b\i\fs22 [Calm, Quizzical]\line\cf0\b0\i0 Admiral Yang.\par
Is that the vital duty you have for the commander of the Rosen Ritters?\par
\par
\highlight1\fs32 Yang:\line\cf2\highlight0\b\i\fs22 [Aloof, Stating very Plainly]\line\cf0\b0\i0 Oh... yes exactly.\par
\par
\highlight1\fs32 Edwin Fischer:\line\cf2\highlight0\b\i\fs22 [Considering Plan, Still Doubtful in the End]\line\cf0\b0\i0 It's a solid fortress.\par
But if the Imperials aren't careful, there's a large chance of success.\par
However...\par
\par
\highlight1\fs32 Murai:\line\cf2\highlight0\b\i\fs22 [Sceptical, Slight Worry, Calm, Disciplined]\line\cf0\b0\i0 Admiral, have you heard the rumors about the Rosen Ritters?\par
\highlight1\fs32 Yang:\line\cf2\highlight0\b\i\fs22 [Calm, Assertive, Matter of fact]\line\cf0\b0\i0 I've had them investigated.\par
Twelve successive regimental commanders.\par
Of those, four have died in battle against the Empire.\par
Two were promoted to flag officers, and afterwards retired.\par
And the remaining six betrayed us and ran back to the Empire.\par
In our dispatch, rumors have been flying that the 13th Regimental Commander may also turn traitor.\par
\par
\highlight1\fs32 Schenkopp:\line\cf2\highlight0\b\i\fs22 [Smug]\line\cf0\b0\i0 [Small Laugh] Admiral, if, as the rumors say, I'm the 7th traitor, what will you do?\par
\par
\highlight1\fs32 Yang:\line\cf2\highlight0\b\i\fs22 [Stating, Aloof]\line\cf0\b0\i0 Be embarrassed\par
\par
\highlight1\fs32 Schenkopp:\line\cf2\highlight0\b\i\fs22 [Smug, Toying with Admiral]\line\cf0\b0\i0 Hehh, sounds like quite a bind.\par
But you won't just be embarrassed, will you?\par
Can I assume you're thinking of some way to deal with it?\par
\par
\highlight1\fs32 Yang:\line\cf2\highlight0\b\i\fs22 [Aloof, Calm, Matter of Fact]\line\cf0\b0\i0 Not especially, no.\par
\par
\highlight1\fs32 Schenkopp:\line\cf2\highlight0\b\i\fs22 [Calm, Surprised]\line\cf0\b0\i0 Then you'll trust me completely?\par
\par
\highlight1\fs32 Yang:\line\cf2\highlight0\b\i\fs22 [Stating, Aloof]\line\cf0\b0\i0 Yea\par
\par
\par
\par
\highlight1\fs32 Schenkopp:\line\cf2\highlight0\b\i\fs22 [Genuinely interested]\par
\cf0\b0\i0 [Quiet] ohhhh. [Regular Voice again] I'd like to know why you put so much trust in me.\par
\highlight1\fs32 Yang:\line\cf2\highlight0\b\i\fs22 [Plainly, Calm]\line\cf0\b0\i0 The other day, I was there when you got in a scuffle with some of Trunicht's officers.\par
I wanted to treat you to a glass of champagne.\par
Maybe that's the reason.\par
\par
\highlight1\fs32 Fyodor Patorichev:\line\cf2\highlight0\b\i\fs22 [Genuinely Awestruck, Surprised]\line\cf0\b0\i0 That's the only reason?!\par
\par
\highlight1\fs32 Murai:\line\cf2\highlight0\b\i\fs22 [Baffled]\par
\cf0\b0\i0 That's insane! This is a Highly important mission.\par
\par
\highlight1\fs32 Yang:\line\cf2\highlight0\b\i\fs22 [Aloof, Calm, Humble]\line\cf0\b0\i0 If he turns traitor, they'll say I was no judge of character.\par
The lone, made-up hero will disappear from this world.\par
\par
\highlight1\fs32 Murai:\line\cf2\highlight0\b\i\fs22 [Trying to reason with]\line\cf0\b0\i0 ADMIRAL!\par
\par
\highlight1\fs32 Edwin Fischer:\line\cf2\highlight0\b\i\fs22 [Calm, Trusting, Trying to Calm down Murai]\line\cf0\b0\i0 The Admiral has trusted all fleet deployments to me.\par
And now, it's our turn to trust the Admiral.\par
\par
\highlight1\fs32 Yang:\line\cf2\highlight0\b\i\fs22 [Genuine]\line\cf0\b0\i0 Thank you.\par
\par
\highlight1\fs32 Schenkopp:\line\cf2\highlight0\b\i\fs22 [Interested, Quizzical]\line\cf0\b0\i0 May I ask a question?\par
\par
\highlight1\fs32 Yang:\line\cf2\highlight0\b\i\fs22 [Straight Forward]\line\cf0\b0\i0 Go ahead.\par
\par
\highlight1\fs32 Schenkopp:\line\cf2\highlight0\b\i\fs22 [Prodding, Testing Admiral ]\line\cf0\b0\i0 I'd like to know what you're after in this battle.\par
Is it glory?\par
Or maybe a promotion?\par
\par
\highlight1\fs32 Yang:\line\cf2\highlight0\b\i\fs22 [Humble, Genuine]\line\cf0\b0\i0 Nah I don't think it's promotion.\par
To be called \ldblquote Sir\rdblquote  before the age of 30 is good enough.\par
Moreover, if I'm still alive after this battle, I intend to retire.\par
\par
\highlight1\fs32 Fyodor Patorichev:\line\cf2\highlight0\b\i\fs22 [Genuine Surprise, Calm]\line\cf0\b0\i0 Retire?\par
\par
\highlight1\fs32 Yang:\line\cf2\highlight0\b\i\fs22 [Humble, Stating Plainly]\line\cf0\b0\i0 Yea..\par
Well, along with the pension, I'll also get a retirement disbursement.\par
It should be enough to support me and one other, if we eat frugally.\par
\par
\highlight1\fs32 Murai:\line\cf2\highlight0\b\i\fs22 [Baffled]\line\cf0\b0\i0 Are you saying you'll retire under the present circumstances?!\par
\par
\highlight1\fs32 Yang:\line\cf2\highlight0\b\i\fs22 [Matter of Fact, Humble, Calm]\line\cf0\b0\i0 Well you say ``present circumstances.''\par
But if we succeed in capturing the Iserlohn Fortress our Alliance can gain a strategic advantage.\par
Then it may be possible to conclude a satisfactory peace treaty with the Empire.\par
If we do, we'd achieve a peace that would allow me to retire with peace of mind.\par
\par
\highlight1\fs32 Schenkopp:\line\cf2\highlight0\b\i\fs22 [Quizzical, Doubtful]\line\cf0\b0\i0 However, will that peace be permanent one?\par
\par
\highlight1\fs32 Yang:\line\cf2\highlight0\b\i\fs22 [Humble, Matter of Fact]\line\cf0\b0\i0 There has never been ``permanent peace'' in human history.\par
However, there have been times when we've had decades of peace and prosperity.\par
In short, my hope is for, at best, a few decades of peace.\par
But, the chance they will exceed the length of the war by more than a tenth are very slim.\par
\cf2\b\i [Stating, Reasoning with]\line\cf0\b0\i0 Im the guardian of a 14 year old boy.\par
I don't want to see him dragged off to the battlefield.\par
That\rquote s all.\par
\par
\highlight1\fs32 Schenkopp:\line\cf2\highlight0\b\i\fs22 [Testing Admiral, Slightly Toying, Slightly Genuine Interest]\par
\cf0\b0\i0 Heh, I've been hearing that you're a different kind of man.\par
This may be rude, Admiral. But are you an honest man?\par
Or are you the greatest sophist since Rudolf the Great? Which are you?\par
...\par
\cf2\b\i [Smug, But also Genuine]\line\cf0\b0\i0 Well! I didn't expect an answer.\par
Now that it's come to this, I'll do what little I can,\par
For the sake of a \ldblquote permanent peace\rdblquote .\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par

\pard\sl276\slmult1\qc\b\fs48 Scene 7\b0\fs22\par

\pard\sl276\slmult1\i [17:08]\line [OST] 25 - Symphony No. 4 G major first movement (Mahler)\par
\i0\par
\par
\highlight1\fs32 Frederica:\line\cf2\highlight0\b\i\fs22 [Calm, Tenderly]\line\cf0\b0\i0 Here you are. It's got brandy in it.\par
\par
\highlight1\fs32 Yang:\highlight0\fs22\line\cf2\b\i [Surprised, Happy]\line\cf0\b0\i0 Oh, thanks.\par
\cf2\b\i [Curious, Humble]\line\cf0\b0\i0 Lieutenant, what\rquote s your opinion on it?\par
The operation, I mean.\par
\par
\highlight1\fs32 Frederica:\line\cf2\highlight0\b\i\fs22 [Confident]\line\cf0\b0\i0 I think It'll definitely succeed.\par
\par
\highlight1\fs32 Yang:\line\cf2\highlight0\b\i\fs22 [Quizzical]\line\cf0\b0\i0 Why so sure?\par
\par
\highlight1\fs32 Frederica:\line\cf2\highlight0\b\i\fs22 [Calm, Confident]\line\cf0\b0\i0 Eight years ago, you succeeded at El Facil, didn't you?\par
You evacuated 3 million civilians from the planet just before it surrendered.\par
The heroic young, Lt junior grade Yang Wenli.\par
\par
\highlight1\fs32 Yang:\line\cf2\highlight0\b\i\fs22 [Humbled, Embarrassed]\line\cf0\b0\i0 Heh, So you've heard that story, too.\par
\par
\highlight1\fs32 Frederica:\line\cf2\highlight0\b\i\fs22 [Fondly, Calm]\line\cf0\b0\i0 When you did that, Admiral, you succeeded in planting absolute trust in one girl's heart.\par
\'85\line\cf2\b\i [Recalling Memory, Fondly, Warm memory]\par
\cf0\b0\i0 I was on El Facil with my mother.\par
Her family's home was there.\par
I clearly remember a young Lieutenant taking command and gnawing on a sandwich because he didn't have spare time to eat.\par
But, I suppose that Lieutenant forgot a long time ago about the 14 year old girl who brought him coffee in a paper cup when he choked on that sandwich.\par
\cf2\b\i [Teasing at this point]\line\cf0\b0\i0 Do you know what he said after he drank the coffee that saved his life?\par
\par
\highlight1\fs32 Yang:\line\cf2\highlight0\b\i\fs22 [Quizzical, Calm]\line\cf0\b0\i0 Well, What did I say?\par
\par
\highlight1\fs32 Frederica:\line\cf2\highlight0\b\i\fs22 [Teasing, Somewhat Spiteful Tone]\line\cf0\b0\i0 ``I hate coffee. I wish you'd given me tea.'' *Small Giggle*\par
\par
\highlight1\fs32 Yang:\line\cf2\highlight0\b\i\fs22 [Apologetic]\line\cf0\b0\i0 Nn.[coughs]Wow, That was rude of me.\par
[to himself]\par
Of course, she has an incredible memory, just like the rumors say.\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par

\pard\sl276\slmult1\qc\b\fs48 Scene 8\b0\fs22\par

\pard\sl276\slmult1 [18:49]\line [OST] 32 - minor Symphony No. 2 _Resurrection_ first movement (Mahler)\par
\par
\par
\highlight1\fs32 Narrator:\line\cf2\highlight0\b\i\fs22 [Historical Tone]\line\cf0\b0\i0 On May 13th.\par
The Alliance's 13th Fleet rushed into the Iserlohn Corridor.\par
\par
\highlight1\fs32 Seeckt:\line\cf2\highlight0\b\i\fs22 [Serious Tone, Mostly Calm, Angry]\line\cf0\b0\i0 There's no longer room for doubt!\par
This communications jamming is proof that the rebels are approaching.\par
\par
\par
\highlight1\fs32 Stockhausen:\line\cf2\highlight0\b\i\fs22 [Calm, Stating]\line\cf0\b0\i0 Granting you that, Admiral, even if you deploy, we don't know the enemy's position, do we??\par
\par
\highlight1\fs32 Extra Operator:\line\cf2\highlight0\b\i\fs22 [Disciplined]\cf0\b0\i0\line Your Excellency, we\rquote re receiving a strange transmission.\par
\par
\highlight1\fs32 Stockhausen:\line\cf2\highlight0\b\i\fs22 [Calm, Quizzical]\par
\cf0\b0\i0 What is it?\par
\par
\highlight1\fs32 Extra Operator:\line\cf2\highlight0\b\i\fs22 [Disciplined]\line\cf0\b0\i0 Sir. A light patrol ship dispatched from the Capital Odin is under enemy attack and is presently engaged in combat.\par
They request assistance.\par
\par
\highlight1\fs32 Seeckt:\line\cf2\highlight0\b\i\fs22 [Quick Judgement, Aggressive]\line\cf0\b0\i0 We'll deploy immediately. We can't delay even for an instant.\par
\par
\highlight1\fs32 Oberstein:\line\cf2\highlight0\b\i\fs22 [Concerned, Calm]\line\cf0\b0\i0 Your Excellency, please wait.\par
\par
\highlight1\fs32 Seeckt:\line\cf2\highlight0\b\i\fs22 [Slight Contempt, Impatient]\line\cf0\b0\i0 Captain Oberstein, right? What is it?\par
\par
\highlight1\fs32 Oberstein:\line\cf2\highlight0\b\i\fs22 [Stating, Calm]\line\cf0\b0\i0 Shouldn't we be cautious?\par
\par
\highlight1\fs32 Seeckt:\line\cf2\highlight0\b\i\fs22 [Slightly Bewildered]\line\cf0\b0\i0 What?!\par
\par
\highlight1\fs32 Oberstein:\line\cf2\highlight0\b\i\fs22 [Statement, Calm, Observant]\line\cf0\b0\i0 It seems to be an enemy diversion.\par
Shouldn't we observe the situation a little longer before moving?\par
\par
\highlight1\fs32 Seeckt:\line\cf2\highlight0\b\i\fs22 [Angry, Contempt, Unapproving]\cf0\b0\i0\par
If we go out, the enemy is waiting. Are you saying that if we fight, we'll lose?!\par
\par
\highlight1\fs32 Oberstein:\line\cf2\highlight0\b\i\fs22 [Concerned, Slightly Defensive]\line\cf0\b0\i0 No It's not that, but...\par
\par
\highlight1\fs32 Seeckt:\line\cf2\highlight0\b\i\fs22 [Angry, While Calm Demeanor]\line\cf0\b0\i0 Then what?!\par
As soldiers, it is our duty to fight!\par
Furthermore, what good are we if we can't help an ally in distress!\par
\par
\highlight1\fs32 Stockhausen:\line\cf2\highlight0\b\i\fs22 [Calm, Disciplined]\line\cf0\b0\i0 In any case, Admiral Seeckt there's some truth in what your staff officer says.\par
While we don't know if that ship's friend or foe,, if we wait a little longer...\par
[Interupted]\par
\par
\highlight1\fs32 Seeckt:\line\cf2\highlight0\b\i\fs22 [Sick of it, Brash]\line\cf0\b0\i0 I'm the Fleet Commander!\par
I'll decide!\par
All ships! Launch at once!\par
\par
\highlight1\fs32 Stockhausen:\line\cf2\highlight0\b\i\fs22 [Absolute Contempt]\line\cf0\b0\i0 I hope you have a miserable time getting back here.\par
\par
\highlight1\fs32 Ed:\line\cf2\highlight0\b\i\fs22 [Smug]\line\cf0\b0\i0 In the end, they ran out of patience and came out, didn't they?\par
\par
\highlight1\fs32 Simon:\line\cf2\highlight0\b\i\fs22 [Disciplined, Statement]\line\cf0\b0\i0 Number of ships, approximately 15,000!\par
\par
\highlight1\fs32 Frederica:\line\cf2\highlight0\b\i\fs22 [Calm, Disciplined]\line\cf0\b0\i0 That's nearly the entire fleet on the station.\par
\par
\highlight1\fs32 Murai:\line\cf2\highlight0\b\i\fs22 [Affirming, Stating]\line\cf0\b0\i0 While they don't know the strength of the enemy they're facing, they're charging in with all the firepower they have to keep the battle line from extending too far.\par
\par
\highlight1\fs32 Schenkopp:\line\cf2\highlight0\b\i\fs22 [Calm, Prepared, Orderly, somewhat eager]\line\cf0\b0\i0 Admiral, preparations are complete.\par
You may give the order to sortie at any time.\par
\par
\highlight1\fs32 Yang:\line\cf2\highlight0\b\i\fs22 [Smug, endearing ]\line\cf0\b0\i0 Wow, seems the enemy aren't the only ones impatient here, huh?\par
\line\highlight1\fs32 Extra Operator:\line\cf2\highlight0\b\i\fs22 [Disciplined]\line\cf0\b0\i0 Your Excellency, there's been another message from that light cruiser patrol.\par
\par
\highlight1\fs32 Stockhausen:\line\cf2\highlight0\b\i\fs22 [Engaged, Quiet remark]\line\cf0\b0\i0 Hmm??\par
\par
\highlight1\fs32 Extra Operator:\line\cf2\highlight0\b\i\fs22 [Disciplined]\line\cf0\b0\i0 They've managed to get close to the fortress, but are still under attack from the rebel forces.\par
They're requesting assistance.\par
\par
\highlight1\fs32 Stockhausen:\line\cf2\highlight0\b\i\fs22 [Quizzical, Calm]\line\cf0\b0\i0 What happened to the fortress fleet?\par
\par
\highlight1\fs32 Extra Operator:\line\cf2\highlight0\b\i\fs22 [Disciplined]\line\cf0\b0\i0 Communications remain blocked.\par
\par
\highlight1\fs32 Stockhausen:\line\cf2\highlight0\b\i\fs22 [To self, Outside dialogue, Annoyed ]\line\cf0\b0\i0 Damn you, Seeckt. Where are you lurking?\par
\cf2\b\i [Disciplined, Order]\par
\cf0\b0\i0 Prepare to open fire!\par
We have a friendly vessel out there, so don\rquote t use the main guns.\par
\par
\highlight1\fs32 Extra Operator:\line\cf2\highlight0\b\i\fs22 [Disciplined]\line\cf0\b0\i0 Yes, sir!\par
To all air defense personnel:\par
All gun turrets, prepare to open fire!\par
All gun turrets, prepare to open fire!\par
Raise the floating gun platforms!\par
\par
21:44\par
\highlight1\fs32 Extra Ship Crew:\line\cf2\highlight0\b\i\fs22 [Disciplined]\line\cf0\b0\i0 Your Excellency. We're picking up what looks like an enemy fleet outside the orbit of Anshar, the fourth planet in the Tiamat system.\par
\par
\highlight1\fs32 Seeckt:\line\cf2\highlight0\b\i\fs22 [Calm, Quiet]\line\cf0\b0\i0 So, there they are.\line [Louder, Disciplined]\line Good!\par
Head for them at once.\par
\par
\highlight1\fs32 Extra Operator:\line\cf2\highlight0\b\i\fs22 [Disciplined]\line\cf0\b0\i0 Ship silhouette, confirmed!\par
\par
\highlight1\fs32 Stockhausen:\line\cf2\highlight0\b\i\fs22 [Disciplined]\line\cf0\b0\i0 Magnify the projection.\par
\par
\highlight1\fs32 Extra Operator:\line\cf2\highlight0\b\i\fs22 [Disciplined]\line\cf0\b0\i0 It's the Bremen, a light cruiser from our forces.\par
The rebel fleet is visible behind it.\par
\par
\highlight1\fs32 Stockhausen:\line\cf2\highlight0\b\i\fs22 [Disciplined, Concerned]\line\cf0\b0\i0 Open fire!\par
Wait! Make the situation clear to each gun turret!\par
Don't hit our allies!\par
\par
\highlight1\fs32 Extra Operator:\line\cf2\highlight0\b\i\fs22 [Disciplined]\line\cf0\b0\i0 Yes, sir!\par
\'85\line\cf2\b\i [Loudly Stating]\line\cf0\b0\i0 The rebel fleet isn't coming into firing range.\par
They're retreating.\par
\par
\highlight1\fs32 Stockhausen:\line\cf2\highlight0\b\i\fs22 [Calm, Smug]\line\cf0\b0\i0 The bastards know all too well the power of this fortress from their last six defeats.\par
\par
\highlight1\fs32 Extra Operator:\line\cf2\highlight0\b\i\fs22 [Disciplined]\line\cf0\b0\i0 A message from the cruiser.\par
\par
\highlight1\fs32 Stockhausen:\line\cf2\highlight0\b\i\fs22 [Calm]\line\cf0\b0\i0 Read it.\par
\par
\highlight1\fs32 Extra Operator:\line\cf2\highlight0\b\i\fs22 [Disciplined]\line\cf0\b0\i0 Yes, sir. \line "Appreciate your assistance. Our ship is heavily damaged. Request emergency port entry."\par
\par
\highlight1\fs32 Stockhausen:\line\cf2\highlight0\b\i\fs22 [Calm, Disciplined]\line\cf0\b0\i0 Very well. Guide them to port.\par
\par
\highlight1\fs32 Frederica:\line\cf2\highlight0\b\i\fs22 [Calm, Disciplined]\line\cf0\b0\i0 Well, it seems they've gotten in, haven't they?\par
\par
\highlight1\fs32 Murai:\line\cf2\highlight0\b\i\fs22 [Calm, Realist Tone]\line\cf0\b0\i0 The real question is what happens next.\par
\par
\highlight1\fs32 Yang:\line\cf2\highlight0\b\i\fs22 [Confident, Slight Smug]\line\cf0\b0\i0 If he really is a Knight of the Rose, he can do it.\par
\par
\highlight1\fs32 Narrator:\line\cf2\highlight0\b\i\fs22 [Informative]\line\cf0\b0\i0 Iserlohn Fortress was the Imperial forces' key military position located between the Empire and the Alliance.\line The last six times the Alliance tried to capture it with a large force, they ended only in complete failure.\par
And now, charged with capturing Iserlohn Fortress with a half-sized fleet, Yang's strategy began to unfold.\par
\line\line\highlight5\fs32 Preview:\highlight1\line\highlight0\fs22 The operation to capture Iserlohn Fortress, said to be impregnable, has begun.\line But an unexpected situation befalls Schenkopp and his men who have infiltrated the fortress. Will they capture the fortress??\line Next episode of Legend of the Galactic Heroes, Episode 7, \ldblquote The Capture of Iserlohn.\rdblquote\par
}
 