{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0\nouicompat\deflang1033{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Merriweather;}{\f1\fnil\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\colortbl ;\red0\green0\blue0;}
{\*\generator Riched20 10.0.19041}\viewkind4\uc1 
\pard\sb480\sa120\sl240\slmult1\qc\highlight0\b\f0\fs48\lang9 Iserlohn Captured!\par

\pard\sb480\sa120\sl240\slmult1\f1\fs46 Scene 1\par

\pard\sb240\sa40\sl240\slmult1\cf1\fs22 NARRATOR\par

\pard\sl276\slmult1\cf0\b0\fs24 [SLOW GRANDIOSE]\par
Iserlohn Fortress, a key Imperial stronghold, was said to be impregnable.\par
Charged with its capture, with a fleet only half the usual size, Yang's plan began to unfold.\par

\pard\sb240\sa40\sl240\slmult1\cf1\b\fs22 EXTRA IMPERIAL SOLDIER\par

\pard\sl276\slmult1\cf0\b0\fs24 [WORRIED, SPEAKING LEVEL NORMAL, STRUCK]\par
This is awful.\par
What's going on with the battle out there?\par

\pard\sb240\sa40\sl240\slmult1\cf1\b\fs22 SCHENKOPP\par

\pard\sl276\slmult1\cf0\b0\fs24 [BATTLE TORN, GASPING, EXHAUSTED]\par
I'm Lt. Commander von Laken.\par
It's an emergency.\par
I need to see the fortress commander as soon as possible.\par
[COLLAPSES FROM EXHAUSTION]\par

\pard\sb240\sa40\sl240\slmult1\cf1\b\fs22 KASPER\par

\pard\sl276\slmult1\cf0\b0\fs24 [LOUD, WORRIED]\par
Lt. Commander! Please hang on!\par

\pard\sb240\sa40\sl240\slmult1\cf1\b\fs22 EIN\par

\pard\sl276\slmult1\cf0\b0\fs24 [WORRIED BUT STILL DISCIPLINED WITH HIS DUTY]\par
I'm Ensign Ein of security.\par
What's going on?\par

\pard\sb240\sa40\sl240\slmult1\cf1\b\fs22 KASPER\par

\pard\sl276\slmult1\cf0\b0\fs24 [SERIOUS, SLIGHTLY WORRIED BUT CALMER]\par
The enemy fleet is closing in.\par
They've come up with a way to neutralize this fortress,\line And are likely planning to break through the corridor in a single stroke.\par
And are likely planning to break through the corridor as we speak! \par

\pard\sb240\sa40\sl240\slmult1\cf1\b\fs22 EIN\par

\pard\sl276\slmult1\cf0\b0\fs24 [SURPRISED]\par
NANI?! \line What??!!\par

\pard\sb240\sa40\sl240\slmult1\cf1\b\fs22 KASPER\par

\pard\sl276\slmult1\cf0\b0\fs24 [SERIOUS, CALM]\par
Only the Commander here knows the details.\par

\pard\sb240\sa40\sl240\slmult1\cf1\b\fs22\line\line SCHENKOPP\par

\pard\sl276\slmult1\cf0\b0\fs24 [OUT OF BREATH, STRUGGLING TO TALK]\par
This is a matter of absolute secrecy.\par
I need to inform the commander personally...\par
[COUGHS UP BLOOD, INTERRUPTS SENTENCE]\par

\pard\sb240\sa40\sl240\slmult1\cf1\b\fs22 RAINER\par

\pard\sl276\slmult1\cf0\b0\fs24 [LOUD, WORRIED]\par
Lt. Commander!\par

\pard\sb240\sa40\sl240\slmult1\cf1\b\fs22 SCHENKOPP\'b5\par

\pard\sl276\slmult1\cf0\b0\fs24 [HOLDING HAND OVER MOUTH, OUT OF BREATH]\par
I'm already done for!\par
Get me to the commander, at once!\par

\pard\sb240\sa40\sl240\slmult1\cf1\b\fs22 KASPER\par

\pard\sl276\slmult1\cf0\b0\fs24 [WORRIED, LOUD]\par
Lt. Commander!\par
[Speaking to Ein] What are you doing?!\par
Hurry up and tell them!\par

\pard\sb240\sa40\sl240\slmult1\cf1\b\fs22 EIN\par

\pard\sl276\slmult1\cf0\b0\fs24 [DISCIPLINED]\par
Yes, sir! / Sir!\par

\pard\sb240\sa40\sl240\slmult1\cf1\b\fs22 (3:04)\par
STOCKHAUSEN\par

\pard\sl276\slmult1\cf0\b0\fs24 [IMPATIENT AND IRRITATED, AS IF CONSTIPATED]\par
Do we still not know what the situation is?!\par

\pard\sb240\sa40\sl240\slmult1\cf1\b\fs22 EXTRA_FORTRESS_CUMS_GUY\par

\pard\sl276\slmult1\cf0\b0\fs24 Their communications jamming is only increasing!\par
The enemy must be closing in!\par

\pard\sb240\sa40\sl240\slmult1\cf1\b\fs22 STOCKHAUSEN\par

\pard\sl276\slmult1\cf0\b0\fs24 We still haven't taken care of that!?\par
Can't we contact the garrison fleet, yet?!\par

\pard\sb240\sa40\sl240\slmult1\cf1\b\fs22 EXTRA_FORTRESS_CUMS_GUY\par

\pard\sl276\slmult1\cf0\b0\fs24 Still unable to make contact, sir.\par

\pard\sb240\sa40\sl240\slmult1\cf1\b\fs22 STOCKHAUSEN\par

\pard\sl276\slmult1\cf0\b0\fs24 [IRRITATED, INDIGNANT]\par
Damn you, Seeckt. Where have you ran off to? \par
Mm..\line Uhuh..\par
[CONIVING]\par
Is that true?\par
I don't care, bring him to me at once!\par

\pard\sb240\sa40\sl240\slmult1\cf1\b\fs22 LAEMMLER\par

\pard\sl276\slmult1\cf0\b0\fs24 Yes, sir!\par

\pard\sb240\sa40\sl240\slmult1\cf1\b\fs22 (3:30)\par
FREDERICA GREENHILL\par

\pard\sl276\slmult1\cf0\b0\fs24 It looks like Captain Schenkopp has succeeded in infiltrating the fortress, doesn't it?\par

\pard\sb240\sa40\sl240\slmult1\cf1\b\fs22 WENLI YANG\par

\pard\sl276\slmult1\cf0\b0\fs24 Yeah, so far, it's all going to plan.\par

\pard\sb240\sa40\sl240\slmult1\cf1\b\fs22 MURAI\par

\pard\sl276\slmult1\cf0\b0\fs24 And the plan says that the enemy fleet should begin noticing it shortly.\par

\pard\sb240\sa40\sl240\slmult1\cf1\b\fs22 (3:50)\par
HANS DIETRICH VON SEECKT\par

\pard\sl276\slmult1\cf0\b0\fs24 [SURPRISED IN INCOMPETENT]\par
What?!\par
A decoy?!\par

\pard\sb240\sa40\sl240\slmult1\cf1\b\fs22 PAUL VON OBERSTEIN\par

\pard\sl276\slmult1\cf0\b0\fs24 [INTERNAL MONOLOGUE]\par
As I thought...\par

\pard\sb240\sa40\sl240\slmult1\cf1\b\fs22 (4:00)\par
WENLI YANG\par

\pard\sl276\slmult1\cf0\b0\fs24 Once the enemy fleet realizes it's a decoy, they'll turn back from that sector, but that should still take them two hours.\par

\pard\sb240\sa40\sl240\slmult1\cf1\b\fs22 MURAI\par

\pard\sl276\slmult1\cf0\b0\fs24 And it will take our fleet an hour and a half to enter the port. So, if the port isn't opened in the next thirty minutes, we risk getting caught on both sides.\par

\pard\sb240\sa40\sl240\slmult1\cf1\b\fs22 WENLI YANG\par

\pard\sl276\slmult1\cf0\b0\fs24 Thirty minutes, huh?\par
Well, then, shall we get started?\par

\pard\sb240\sa40\sl240\slmult1\cf1\b\fs22 (4:25)\par
EXTRA_FORTRESS_CUMS_GUY\par

\pard\sl276\slmult1\cf0\b0\fs24 Enemy detected!\par

\pard\sb240\sa40\sl240\slmult1\cf1\b\fs22 STOCKHAUSEN\par

\pard\sl276\slmult1\cf0\b0\fs24 They were there after all.\par

\pard\sb240\sa40\sl240\slmult1\cf1\b\fs22 EIN\par

\pard\sl276\slmult1\cf0\b0\fs24 We've brought Lt. Commander Laken!\par

\pard\sb240\sa40\sl240\slmult1\cf1\b\fs22 LAEMMLER\par

\pard\sl276\slmult1\cf0\b0\fs24 Wait!\par
Just to be safe, show me your military IDs.\par

\pard\sb240\sa40\sl240\slmult1\cf1\b\fs22 KASPER\par

\pard\sl276\slmult1\cf0\b0\fs24 [PANICKED]\par
There's no time for that!\par
If we lose even a second, all may be lost!\par
\par

\pard\sb240\sa40\sl240\slmult1\cf1\b\fs22 LAEMMLER\par

\pard\sl276\slmult1\cf0\b0\fs24 But...\par

\pard\sb240\sa40\sl240\slmult1\cf1\b\fs22 EXTRA_FORTRESS_CUMS_GUY\par

\pard\sl276\slmult1\cf0\b0\fs24 The enemy is moving strangely!\par

\pard\sb240\sa40\sl240\slmult1\cf1\b\fs22 STOCKHAUSEN\par

\pard\sl276\slmult1\cf0\b0\fs24 Nani?!\par

\pard\sb240\sa40\sl240\slmult1\cf1\b\fs22 EXTRA_FORTRESS_CUMS_GUY\par

\pard\sl276\slmult1\cf0\b0\fs24 They're deployed just beyond the range of our main gun, and each one keeps maneuvering forward and then falling back.\par

\pard\sb240\sa40\sl240\slmult1\cf1\b\fs22 STOCKHAUSEN\par

\pard\sl276\slmult1\cf0\b0\fs24 Nani?! / What the hell?\par

\pard\sb240\sa40\sl240\slmult1\cf1\b\fs22 KASPER\par

\pard\sl276\slmult1\cf0\b0\fs24 [SLIGHTLY OVER-DRAMATIC WORRY]\par
Oh, no, they've started!\par

\pard\sb240\sa40\sl240\slmult1\cf1\b\fs22 STOCKHAUSEN\par

\pard\sl276\slmult1\cf0\b0\fs24 [WITH DISMISSIVE AUTHORITY]\par
It's all right, let them through.\par

\pard\sb240\sa40\sl240\slmult1\cf1\b\fs22 (5:08)\par
MURAI\par

\pard\sl276\slmult1\cf0\b0\fs24 This is a splendid fleet exercise, but does it have some purpose?\par

\pard\sb240\sa40\sl240\slmult1\cf1\b\fs22 WENLI YANG\par

\pard\sl276\slmult1\cf0\b0\fs24 Well, there's actually no purpose to it at all.\par

\pard\sb240\sa40\sl240\slmult1\cf1\b\fs22\line\line MURAI\par

\pard\sl276\slmult1\cf0\b0\fs24 Huh?\par

\pard\sb240\sa40\sl240\slmult1\cf1\b\fs22 (5:20)\par
STOCKHAUSEN\par

\pard\sl276\slmult1\cf0\b0\fs24 I'm Stockhausen.\par
Explain this. What is that fleet movement?\par
How will it render this fortress powerless?\par

\pard\sb240\sa40\sl240\slmult1\cf1\b\fs22 SCHENKOPP\par

\pard\sl276\slmult1\cf0\b0\fs24 [Broken/Muttering] Well\'85\par
It means this, Your Excellency!\par

\pard\sb240\sa40\sl240\slmult1\cf1\b\fs22 KASPER\par

\pard\sl276\slmult1\cf0\b0\fs24 Freeze!\par
One move, and your commander dies!\par

\pard\sb240\sa40\sl240\slmult1\cf1\b\fs22 STOCKHAUSEN\par

\pard\sl276\slmult1\cf0\b0\fs24 You bastard! A rebel conspirator?!\par

\pard\sb240\sa40\sl240\slmult1\cf1\b\fs22 SCHENKOPP\par

\pard\sl276\slmult1\cf0\b0\fs24 [BEMUSED CONFIDENCE]\par
I'm Captain Schenkopp of the Rosen-Ritter.\par
 \par
I'd introduce myself properly, but my hands are too full to take off my get-up and say hello.\par
 \par
\cf1\b\fs22 LAEMMLER\par
\cf0\b0\fs24 [CONFIDENT, SMUG, SOLDIER-LY]\par
Spare us your jokes!\par
You may have intended to take a hostage, but we won\rquote t allow it!\par
The commander is a man who fears dishonor more than death itself.\par
He's not a shield to protect your life!\par

\pard\sb240\sa40\sl240\slmult1\cf1\b\fs22 SCHENKOPP\par

\pard\sl276\slmult1\cf0\b0\fs24 Looks like my overvaluing the commander has gotten me into trouble.\par

\pard\sb240\sa40\sl240\slmult1\cf1\b\fs22 LAEMMLER\par

\pard\sl276\slmult1\cf0\b0\fs24 What?!\par

\pard\sb240\sa40\sl240\slmult1\cf1\b\fs22 STOCKHAUSEN\par

\pard\sl276\slmult1\cf0\b0\fs24 [TERRIFIED]\par
Stop!\par

\pard\sb240\sa40\sl240\slmult1\cf1\b\fs22\par
LAEMMLER\par

\pard\sl276\slmult1\cf0\b0\fs24 [BETRAYED]\par
Your Excellency...\par

\pard\sb240\sa40\sl240\slmult1\cf1\b\fs22 STOCKHAUSEN\par

\pard\sl276\slmult1\cf0\b0\fs24 I surrender; you win.\par

\pard\sb240\sa40\sl240\slmult1\cf1\b\fs22 LAEMMERL\par

\pard\sl276\slmult1\cf0\b0\fs24 [BEWILDERED, BLACKPILLED]\par
But...\par
Your Excellency!\par

\pard\sb240\sa40\sl240\slmult1\cf1\b\fs22 STOCKHAUSEN\par

\pard\sl276\slmult1\cf0\b0\fs24 [PANTS-SHITTING AUTHORITY]\par
This is an order! Drop your guns!\par

\pard\sb240\sa40\sl240\slmult1\cf1\b\fs22 SCHENKOPP\par

\pard\sl276\slmult1\cf0\b0\fs24 [COMMANDING]\par
Alright, tie them up!\par

\pard\sb480\sa120\sl240\slmult1\b\fs46 Scene 2\par

\pard\sb240\sa40\sl240\slmult1\cf1\fs22 (6:31)\par
MURAI\par

\pard\sl276\slmult1\cf0\b0\fs24 It should be time soon.\par

\pard\sb240\sa40\sl240\slmult1\cf1\b\fs22 (6:40)\par
KASPER\par

\pard\sl276\slmult1\cf0\b0\fs24 What are you doing?!\par

\pard\sb240\sa40\sl240\slmult1\cf1\b\fs22 ALEXA\par

\pard\sl276\slmult1\cf0\b0\fs24 [FEMBOT DECLARITIVE] \par
Computer lockdown in effect!\par
\line As of now, all functions aboard Iserlohn Fortress are frozen!\par
\line Sealing all fortress bulkheads! Sealing all fortress bulkheads!\par
\line Communications cut between all floors, and all sections! \line\line Dock, sealed. Cannons, sealed. \line\line All personnel in transit to shelter at the nearest booth!\par
\line 25 seconds to lockdown!\par
\par
\par

\pard\sb240\sa40\sl240\slmult1\cf1\b\fs22 EXTRA_SOLDER_1\par

\pard\sl276\slmult1\cf0\b0\fs24 [DRUNK, ANNOYED]\par
What going on? Everywhere we go is closed off!\par

\pard\sb240\sa40\sl240\slmult1\cf1\b\fs22 EXTRA_SOLDER_2\par

\pard\sl276\slmult1\cf0\b0\fs24 [DRUNK, ANNOYED]\par
First the garrison fleet went out, and now this?\par
What the hell's going on today, Damnit!\par

\pard\sb240\sa40\sl240\slmult1\cf1\b\fs22 EXTRA_SOLDER_1\par

\pard\sl276\slmult1\cf0\b0\fs24 It's a drill i bet, it's gotta be.\par

\pard\sb240\sa40\sl240\slmult1\cf1\b\fs22 ALEXA\par

\pard\sl276\slmult1\cf0\b0\fs24 10...\par
 \par
9...\par
 \par
8...\par
 \par
7...\par
 \par
6...\par
 \par
5...\par
 \par
4...\par
 \par
3...\par
 \par
2...\par
 \par
1...\par

\pard\sb240\sa40\sl240\slmult1\cf1\b\fs22 LAEMMLER\par

\pard\sl276\slmult1\cf0\b0\fs24 [ARROGANT]\par
Well? What do you think of that?\par
\par
All fortress functions are now frozen!\par

\pard\sb240\sa40\sl240\slmult1\cf1\b\fs22 SCHENKOPP\par

\pard\sl276\slmult1\cf0\b0\fs24 [STILL BEMUSED, UNFASED]\par
Well, it would seem like we're at a stalemate.\par
 \par
But then again, your compatriots behind you can\rquote t move, now can they...\par

\pard\sb240\sa40\sl240\slmult1\cf1\b\fs22 LAEMMLER\par

\pard\sl276\slmult1\cf0\b0\fs24 Except your people are isolated too. \line And while we talk, the garrison fleet is on its way back.\par
Once they get here, we'll have the upper hand!\par

\pard\sb240\sa40\sl240\slmult1\cf1\b\fs22 SCHENKOPP\par

\pard\sl276\slmult1\cf0\b0\fs24 We'll take over the central computer before they do.\par

\pard\sb240\sa40\sl240\slmult1\cf1\b\fs22 KASPER\par

\pard\sl276\slmult1\cf0\b0\fs24 Captain..\par

\pard\sb240\sa40\sl240\slmult1\cf1\b\fs22 SCHENKOPP\par

\pard\sl276\slmult1\cf0\b0\fs24 Don't worry, their fortress garrison looks like\par
it's only around fifty men.\par

\pard\sb240\sa40\sl240\slmult1\cf1\b\fs22 RAINER BLUMHART\par

\pard\sl276\slmult1\cf0\b0\fs24 "Only," you say?\par

\pard\sb240\sa40\sl240\slmult1\cf1\b\fs22 (8:04)\par
MURAI\par

\pard\sl276\slmult1\cf0\b0\fs24 Aren't they taking too long?\par

\pard\sb240\sa40\sl240\slmult1\cf1\b\fs22 WENLI YANG\par

\pard\sl276\slmult1\cf0\b0\fs24\line We've gotten this close and haven't been attacked.\par
\line So, I guess the operation hasn't been a complete failure.\par
 \par
Let's try waiting a little longer.\par

\pard\sb240\sa40\sl240\slmult1\cf1\b\fs22 MURAI\par

\pard\sl276\slmult1\cf0\b0\fs24 But the enemy's garrison fleet won't wait.\par

\pard\sb240\sa40\sl240\slmult1\cf1\b\fs22 WENLI YANG\par

\pard\sl276\slmult1\cf0\b0\fs24 As long as the fortress is still quiet, we may still have a chance to pull this off. We just have to wait.\par

\pard\sb240\sa40\sl240\slmult1\cf1\b\fs22 MURAI\par

\pard\sl276\slmult1\cf0\b0\fs24 That's no guarantee, sir.\par
 \par
On the off-chance that Captain Schenkopp betrayed us or failed, we may end up falling into a trap.\par

\pard\sb240\sa40\sl240\slmult1\cf1\b\fs22 WENLI YANG\par

\pard\sl276\slmult1\cf0\b0\fs24 I believe in Schenkopp.\par
 \par
This operation is predicated on that, so I'll try to believe in him to the very end.\par

\pard\sb240\sa40\sl240\slmult1\cf1\b\fs22 (8:46)\par
SCHENKOPP\par

\pard\sl276\slmult1\cf0\b0\fs24 Looks like we'll need these after all.\par
 \par
So this is what they mean when they say "learning to deal with adversity will pay off."\par

\pard\sb240\sa40\sl240\slmult1\cf1\b\fs22 KASPER\par

\pard\sl276\slmult1\cf0\b0\fs24 Still, is it safe to go out?\par
 \par
I'm not too wild about a scenario where the fortress is captured and all that's left around us are enemies.\par
\par
\cf1\b\fs22 SCHENKOPP\par
\cf0\b0\fs24 Our attacks on the fortress garrison are contained.\par
So if they\rquote re only dealing with the garrison fleet, then they can expect to be outnumbered 2-to-1.\line I\rquote m sure that Yang Wen-li will think of something to defeat them.\par
Count Lohengramm would be able to do it.\par
In the meantime, we'll just do what we can.\par
You guys, stay here and get comms back online.\par

\pard\sb240\sa40\sl240\slmult1\cf1\b\fs22 IMPERIAL_EXTRA 1 & 2\par

\pard\sl276\slmult1\cf0\b0\fs24 Yes, sir!\par

\pard\sb240\sa40\sl240\slmult1\cf1\b\fs22 SCHENKOPP\par

\pard\sl276\slmult1\cf0\b0\fs24 Let's go!\par

\pard\sb240\sa40\sl240\slmult1\cf1\b\fs22 (9:20)\par
HANS DIETRICH VON SEECKT\par

\pard\sl240\slmult1\cf0\b0\fs24 [NANI?!]\par

\pard\sl276\slmult1 So, the enemy's already here?\par

\pard\sb240\sa40\sl240\slmult1\cf1\b\fs22 EXTRA_FLEET_CUMS_GUY\par

\pard\sl276\slmult1\cf0\b0\fs24 Your Excellency, we've received a message from the enemy.\par

\pard\sb480\sa120\sl240\slmult1\b\fs46\par
\par
\par
Scene 3\par

\pard\sb240\sa40\sl240\slmult1\cf1\fs22 HANS DIETRICH VON SEECKT\par

\pard\sl276\slmult1\cf0\b0\fs24 [BUMBLING AGGRESSIVE]\par
What?! Read it!\par

\pard\sb240\sa40\sl240\slmult1\cf1\b\fs22 EXTRA_FLEET_CUMS_GUY\par

\pard\sl276\slmult1\cf0\b0\fs24 [JUST READING]\par
Yes, sir. It reads: \line "Iserlohn Fortress is already occupied.\par
We hope you will surrender quietly.\par
Otherwise, you will personally experience\par
the destructive power of Thor's Hammer."\par
\par
That is all.\par

\pard\sb240\sa40\sl240\slmult1\cf1\b\fs22 HANS DIETRICH VON SEECKT\par

\pard\sl276\slmult1\cf0\b0\fs24 [BUMBLING AGGRESSIVE]\par
Damn them...All ships, full stop!\par

\pard\sb240\sa40\sl240\slmult1\cf1\b\fs22 PAUL VON OBERSTEIN\par

\pard\sl276\slmult1\cf0\b0\fs24 [ASSERTIVE, INTERJECTING]\par
Your Excellency, the way things are, we should advance.\par

\pard\sb240\sa40\sl240\slmult1\cf1\b\fs22 HANS DIETRICH VON SEECKT\par

\pard\sl276\slmult1\cf0\b0\fs24 What?!\par
And fall prey to our own gun pointed at our faces?!\par

\pard\sb240\sa40\sl240\slmult1\cf1\b\fs22 PAUL VON OBERSTEIN\par

\pard\sl276\slmult1\cf0\b0\fs24 [OBERSTEIN]\par
No. The enemy's movements are unusual.\par
 \par
I believe the fortress hasn't fallen yet.\par

\pard\sb240\sa40\sl240\slmult1\cf1\b\fs22 HANS DIETRICH VON SEECKT\par

\pard\sl276\slmult1\cf0\b0\fs24 Then why aren't they firing on the enemy in front of them?!\par

\pard\sb240\sa40\sl240\slmult1\cf1\b\fs22 PAUL VON OBERSTEIN\par

\pard\sl276\slmult1\cf0\b0\fs24 That's true, but isn't it also true that,\par
if the enemy had already taken the fortress, they'd conceal that and draw us in, then use the main gun to annihilate us in a single blow?\line\line\b\fs22 HANS DIETRICH VON SEECKT\par
\b0\fs24 [Angry Grunt]\line Hrmmmmmm\'85\par
\par

\pard\sb240\sa40\sl240\slmult1\cf1\b\fs22 PAUL VON OBERSTEIN\par

\pard\sl276\slmult1\cf0\b0\fs24 From what we've seen, the enemy numbers are less than half of ours.\par
If we attack while the inside of the fortress is holding out, I think they'll be beaten fairly easily.\par
Moreover...\par

\pard\sb240\sa40\sl240\slmult1\cf1\b\fs22 HANS DIETRICH VON SEECKT\par

\pard\sl276\slmult1\cf0\b0\fs24 Enough!\par
 \par
We'll hold outside the range of the fortress' main gun and assess the situation.\par

\pard\sb240\sa40\sl240\slmult1\cf1\b\fs22 PAUL VON OBERSTEIN\par

\pard\sl276\slmult1\cf0\b0\fs24 [FLABBERGASTED]\par
Admiral!\par

\pard\sb240\sa40\sl240\slmult1\cf1\b\fs22 HANS DIETRICH VON SEECKT\par

\pard\sl276\slmult1\cf0\b0\fs24 The enemy fleet is, as you say, exceedingly small.\par
But it's TOO small.\par
From what we've seen before, they'll be sending in a major force of at least two full fleets!\par
In that case, we need to assume that the fortress is occupied, don't we?\par

\pard\sb240\sa40\sl240\slmult1\cf1\b\fs22 (10:50)\par
SCHENKOPP\par

\pard\sl276\slmult1\cf0\b0\fs24 It's up there, right?\par

\pard\sb240\sa40\sl240\slmult1\cf1\b\fs22 (11:02)\par
MURAI\par

\pard\sl276\slmult1\cf0\b0\fs24 Still no movement from the fortress?\par

\pard\sb240\sa40\sl240\slmult1\cf1\b\fs22 HAKUZI\par

\pard\sl276\slmult1\cf0\b0\fs24 Nothing yet!\par
..\par
You know the old saying for this situation?\par
"Wolf at the front door, tiger at the back."\par

\pard\sb240\sa40\sl240\slmult1\cf1\b\fs22 ED\par

\pard\sl276\slmult1\cf0\b0\fs24 I don't want to take on either of them.\par

\pard\sb240\sa40\sl240\slmult1\cf1\b\fs22 SIMON\par

\pard\sl276\slmult1\cf0\b0\fs24 Except the Wolf actually stopped scratching at our door\par

\pard\sb240\sa40\sl240\slmult1\cf1\b\fs22 HAZUKI\par

\pard\sl276\slmult1\cf0\b0\fs24 Yea, but telling it "I've got a gun" is a terrible bluff.\par

\pard\sb240\sa40\sl240\slmult1\cf1\b\fs22\par
SIMON\par

\pard\sl276\slmult1\cf0\b0\fs24 If the Wolf figures it out, we\rquote re done for.\cf1\b\fs22\par

\pard\sb240\sa40\sl240\slmult1 ED\par

\pard\sl276\slmult1\cf0\b0\fs24 We'll end up taking it from behind, too.\line [Alt] The Tiger behind us won\rquote t be so friendly either\par

\pard\sb240\sa40\sl240\slmult1\cf1\b\fs22 HAZUKI\par

\pard\sl276\slmult1\cf0\b0\fs24 I don't want to think about it. It's making my stomach hurt.\par

\pard\sb240\sa40\sl240\slmult1\cf1\b\fs22 (11:33)\par
EXTRA_DUMB_THOT1\par

\pard\sl276\slmult1\cf0\b0\fs24 H... hi!\par

\pard\sb240\sa40\sl240\slmult1\cf1\b\fs22 RAINER\par

\pard\sl276\slmult1\cf0\b0\fs24 Hi!\par

\pard\sb240\sa40\sl240\slmult1\cf1\b\fs22 EXTRA_DUMB_THOT2\par

\pard\sl276\slmult1\cf0\b0\fs24 What's going on?\par

\pard\sb240\sa40\sl240\slmult1\cf1\b\fs22 EXTRA_DUMB_THOT1\par

\pard\sl276\slmult1\cf0\b0\fs24 I have no idea.\par

\pard\sb240\sa40\sl240\slmult1\cf1\b\fs22 (12:06)\par
HANS DIETRICH VON SEECKT\par

\pard\sl276\slmult1\cf0\b0\fs24 We certainly know the power of Thor's Hammer!\par

\pard\sb240\sa40\sl240\slmult1\cf1\b\fs22 PAUL VON OBERSTEIN\par

\pard\sl276\slmult1\cf0\b0\fs24 And the enemy is counting on us to cower in its shadow.\par

\pard\sb240\sa40\sl240\slmult1\cf1\b\fs22 HANS DIETRICH VON SEECKT\par

\pard\sl276\slmult1\cf0\b0\fs24 Are you saying I'm cowering?!\par

\pard\sb240\sa40\sl240\slmult1\cf1\b\fs22 (12:17)\par
EXTRA_IMPERIAL_SOLDIER1\par

\pard\sl276\slmult1\cf0\b0\fs24 What do you suppose has happened?\par

\pard\sb240\sa40\sl240\slmult1\cf1\b\fs22 EXTRA__IMPERIAL_SOLDIER2\par

\pard\sl276\slmult1\cf0\b0\fs24 Looks like some sort of emergency.\par

\pard\sb240\sa40\sl240\slmult1\cf1\b\fs22 EXTRA_IMPERIAL_SOLDIER1\par

\pard\sl276\slmult1\cf0\b0\fs24 You.. you think it's another drill?\par

\pard\sb240\sa40\sl240\slmult1\cf1\b\fs22 EXTRA_IMPERIAL_SOLDIER2\par

\pard\sl276\slmult1\cf0\b0\fs24 Well, at any rate, we're safe if we're in this fortress.\par

\pard\sb240\sa40\sl240\slmult1\cf1\b\fs22 EXTRA_IMPERIAL_SOLDIER1\par

\pard\sl276\slmult1\cf0\b0\fs24 What was that?\par

\pard\sb240\sa40\sl240\slmult1\cf1\b\fs22 EXTRA_IMPERIAL_SOLDIER2\par

\pard\sl276\slmult1\cf0\b0\fs24 What's going on?\par

\pard\sb240\sa40\sl240\slmult1\cf1\b\fs22 EXTRA_IMPERIAL_SOLDIER1\par

\pard\sl276\slmult1\cf0\b0\fs24 Look!\par
Shit!\par

\pard\sb240\sa40\sl240\slmult1\cf1\b\fs22 EXTRA_IMPERIAL_SOLDIER2\par

\pard\sl276\slmult1\cf0\b0\fs24 Wait! Zephyr Partic...\par

\pard\sb240\sa40\sl240\slmult1\cf1\b\fs22 KASPER\par

\pard\sl276\slmult1\cf0\b0\fs24 Would you say that's fifteen people?\par

\pard\sb240\sa40\sl240\slmult1\cf1\b\fs22 RAINER\par

\pard\sl276\slmult1\cf0\b0\fs24 Captain...\par

\pard\sb240\sa40\sl240\slmult1\cf1\b\fs22 SCHENKOPP\par

\pard\sl276\slmult1\cf0\b0\fs24 Don't say it!\par

\pard\sb240\sa40\sl240\slmult1\cf1\b\fs22 EXTRA_IMPERIAL_SERGEANT\par

\pard\sl276\slmult1\cf0\b0\fs24 What's going on?! Is anybody here?!\par
 \par
This is...\par
 \par
They must have used Zephyr Particles!\par
 \par
Don't fire your guns!\par
 \par

\pard\sb240\sa40\sl240\slmult1\cf1\b\fs22 SCHENKOPP\par

\pard\sl276\slmult1\cf0\b0\fs24 Smart man.\par

\pard\sb240\sa40\sl240\slmult1\cf1\b\fs22 EXTRA_IMPERIAL_SERGEANT\par

\pard\sl276\slmult1\cf0\b0\fs24 Who the hell are you?! A rebel?\par
 \par
\cf1\b\fs22 SCHENKOPP\par
\cf0\b0\fs24 An enemy invader.\par
 \par
\b\fs22 EXTRA_IMPERIAL_SERGEANT\line\b0\fs24 What?!\par
 \par
Prepare for Melee!\par

\pard\sb240\sa40\sl240\slmult1\cf1\b\fs22 SCHENKOPP\par

\pard\sl276\slmult1\cf0\b0\fs24 Too slow!\par

\pard\sb240\sa40\sl240\slmult1\cf1\b\fs22 EXTRA_IMPERIAL_SERGEANT\par

\pard\sl276\slmult1\cf0\b0\fs24 Don't crowd! Disperse and pursue!\par
 \par
Grrr\'85\line Out of the way!\par

\pard\sb240\sa40\sl240\slmult1\cf1\b\fs22 RAINER\par

\pard\sl276\slmult1\cf0\b0\fs24 All right, your captain's dead!\par

\pard\sb240\sa40\sl240\slmult1\cf1\b\fs22 KASPER\par

\pard\sl276\slmult1\cf0\b0\fs24 We're the Rosen-Ritter!\par
 \par
You're no match for us.\par

\pard\sb240\sa40\sl240\slmult1\cf1\b\fs22 EXTRA_IMPERIAL_SOLDIER3\par

\pard\sl276\slmult1\cf0\b0\fs24 Rosen-Ritter...\par

\pard\sb240\sa40\sl240\slmult1\cf1\b\fs22 SCHENKOPP\par

\pard\sl276\slmult1\cf0\b0\fs24 Give up and surrender.\par

\pard\sb240\sa40\sl240\slmult1\cf1\b\fs22 (14:23)\par
HAKUZI\par

\pard\sl276\slmult1\cf0\b0\fs24 I see it!\cf1\b\fs22\par
\cf0\b0\fs24 The buoys are floating up!\par
It's the port entry indicator!\par

\pard\sb240\sa40\sl240\slmult1\cf1\b\fs22 SIMON\par

\pard\sl276\slmult1\cf0\b0\fs24 We did it, Reddit!\par

\pard\sb240\sa40\sl240\slmult1\cf1\b\fs22 FREDERICA_GREENHILL\par

\pard\sl276\slmult1\cf0\b0\fs24 Congratulations, sir!\par

\pard\sb240\sa40\sl240\slmult1\cf1\b\fs22 WENLI YANG\par

\pard\sl276\slmult1\cf0\b0\fs24 No, this isn't over just yet.\par

\pard\sb240\sa40\sl240\slmult1\cf1\b\fs22 (14:40)\par
EXTRA_FLEET_CUMS_GUY\par

\pard\sl276\slmult1\cf0\b0\fs24 The port indicators are deploying.\par

\pard\sb240\sa40\sl240\slmult1\cf1\b\fs22 STOCKHAUSEN\par

\pard\sl276\slmult1\cf0\b0\fs24 NANI?!\par

\pard\sb240\sa40\sl240\slmult1\cf1\b\fs22 EXTRA_FLEET_CUMS_GUY\par

\pard\sl276\slmult1\cf0\b0\fs24 Several enemy ships are docking!\par

\pard\sb240\sa40\sl240\slmult1\cf1\b\fs22 HANS DIETRICH VON SEECKT\par

\pard\sl276\slmult1\cf0\b0\fs24 Now what?\par

\pard\sb240\sa40\sl240\slmult1\cf1\b\fs22\par
\par
PAUL VON OBERSTEIN\par

\pard\sl276\slmult1\cf0\b0\fs24 [INTERNAL MONOLOGUE]\par
It would appear that we are too late.\par

\pard\sb480\sa120\sl240\slmult1\b\fs46 Scene 4\par

\pard\sb240\sa40\sl240\slmult1\cf1\fs22 (14:55)\par
FREDERICA GREENHILL\par

\pard\sl276\slmult1\cf0\b0\fs24 So, this is Iserlohn Fortress.\par

\pard\sb240\sa40\sl240\slmult1\cf1\b\fs22 (15:23)\par
HANS DIETRICH VON SEECKT\par

\pard\sl276\slmult1\cf0\b0\fs24 They're taking refuge?!\par
\par
All right, don't let this chance slip away!\par

\pard\sb240\sa40\sl240\slmult1\cf1\b\fs22 PAUL VON OBERSTEIN\par

\pard\sl276\slmult1\cf0\b0\fs24 Sir!\par

\pard\sb240\sa40\sl240\slmult1\cf1\b\fs22 HANS DIETRICH VON SEECKT\par

\pard\sl276\slmult1\cf0\b0\fs24 Again?! What is it this time?\par

\pard\sb240\sa40\sl240\slmult1\cf1\b\fs22 PAUL VON OBERSTEIN\par

\pard\sl276\slmult1\cf0\b0\fs24 This is a trap.\par
\par
Don't charge in.\par

\pard\sb240\sa40\sl240\slmult1\cf1\b\fs22 HANS DIETRICH VON SEECKT\par

\pard\sl276\slmult1\cf0\b0\fs24 Damn you. Weren't you telling me to charge in before?!\par

\pard\sb240\sa40\sl240\slmult1\cf1\b\fs22 PAUL VON OBERSTEIN\par

\pard\sl276\slmult1\cf0\b0\fs24 The situation is changing moment by moment.\line Don't you understand that?\par

\pard\sb240\sa40\sl240\slmult1\cf1\b\fs22 HANS DIETRICH VON SEECKT\par

\pard\sl276\slmult1\cf0\b0\fs24 Don't YOU understand?!\par
 \par
If the fortress has fallen into enemy hands, we can't go home in disgrace!\par
At the very least, we can use this chance to tangle with them and possibly press in on the fortress!\par

\pard\sb240\sa40\sl240\slmult1\cf1\b\fs22 PAUL VON OBERSTEIN\par

\pard\sl276\slmult1\cf0\b0\fs24 But, it's already-\par

\pard\sb240\sa40\sl240\slmult1\cf1\b\fs22 HANS DIETRICH VON SEECKT\par

\pard\sl276\slmult1\cf0\b0\fs24 Shut up! Get the hell out of here!\par

\pard\sb240\sa40\sl240\slmult1\cf1\b\fs22 (16:14)\par
FREDERICA GREENHILL\par

\pard\sl276\slmult1\cf0\b0\fs24 Sir, the enemy fleet has also begun to attack.\par

\pard\sb240\sa40\sl240\slmult1\cf1\b\fs22 MURAI\par

\pard\sl276\slmult1\cf0\b0\fs24 That was a close one.\par

\pard\sb240\sa40\sl240\slmult1\cf1\b\fs22 WENLI YANG\par

\pard\sl276\slmult1\cf0\b0\fs24 Unbelievable, even though it's too late.\par

\pard\sb240\sa40\sl240\slmult1\cf1\b\fs22 MURAI\par

\pard\sl276\slmult1\cf0\b0\fs24 Let's use the main gun.\par
 \par
They can damage our allied ships who are still outside.\par

\pard\sb240\sa40\sl240\slmult1\cf1\b\fs22 WENLI YANG\par

\pard\sl276\slmult1\cf0\b0\fs24 I didn't really want to use it, but...\par

\pard\sb240\sa40\sl240\slmult1\cf1\b\fs22 ED\par

\pard\sl276\slmult1\cf0\b0\fs24 Thor's Hammer, energy charging, complete!\par
\par
\b\fs22 HAZUKI\b0\fs24\par
Target, locked!\par

\pard\sb240\sa40\sl240\slmult1\cf1\b\fs22 WENLI YANG\par

\pard\sl276\slmult1\cf0\b0\fs24 Fire!\par

\pard\sb240\sa40\sl240\slmult1\cf1\b\fs22 (17:00)\par
EXTRA_FLEET_CUMS_GUY\par

\pard\sl276\slmult1\cf0\b0\fs24 It's the Thor Hammer!\par
 \par
Our allied ships have been annihilated!\par

\pard\sb240\sa40\sl240\slmult1\cf1\b\fs22 (17:10)\par
ED\par

\pard\sl276\slmult1\cf0\b0\fs24 Over a thousand enemy ships, annihilated in an instant.\par

\pard\sb240\sa40\sl240\slmult1\cf1\b\fs22 HAZUKI\par

\pard\sl276\slmult1\cf0\b0\fs24 With just one shot...\par

\pard\sb240\sa40\sl240\slmult1\cf1\b\fs22 SIMON\par

\pard\sl276\slmult1\cf0\b0\fs24 What amazing destructive power.\par

\pard\sb240\sa40\sl240\slmult1\cf1\b\fs22 SCHENKOPP\par

\pard\sl276\slmult1\cf0\b0\fs24 Admiral, you can't call this war.\par
It's unilateral genocide.\par

\pard\sb240\sa40\sl240\slmult1\cf1\b\fs22 WENLI YANG\par

\pard\sl276\slmult1\cf0\b0\fs24 You're entirely right.\par
 \par
And we don't imitate the evils of the Imperial forces.\par
 \par
Please advise them again to surrender.\par
 \par
If they don't like that, tell them to run, and we won't pursue them.\par

\pard\sb240\sa40\sl240\slmult1\cf1\b\fs22 HAZUKI\par

\pard\sl276\slmult1\cf0\b0\fs24 Tell them to run?\par
 \line\b\fs22 ED\b0\fs24\par
Face the enemy and tell them to run away?!\par

\pard\sb240\sa40\sl240\slmult1\cf1\b\fs22 WENLI YANG\par

\pard\sl276\slmult1\cf0\b0\fs24 You object?\par
\b\fs22\par
ED\cf1\par
\cf0\b0\fs24 No, how do I put it...\par

\pard\sb240\sa40\sl240\slmult1\cf1\b\fs22 SIMON\par

\pard\sl276\slmult1\cf0\b0\fs24 We think it's an honor to fight under you, Admiral.\par
 \par
A great one!\par

\pard\sb240\sa40\sl240\slmult1\cf1\b\fs22 (17:52)\par
EXTRA_FLEET_CUMS_GUY\par

\pard\sl276\slmult1\cf0\b0\fs24 Admiral Seeckt!\par
Message from Iserlohn Fortress.\par
\par
They again appeal to us to surrender.\par

\pard\sb240\sa40\sl240\slmult1\cf1\b\fs22 STOCKHAUSEN\par

\pard\sl276\slmult1\cf0\b0\fs24 Surrender?!\par

\pard\sb240\sa40\sl240\slmult1\cf1\b\fs22 EXTRA_FLEET_CUMS_GUY\par

\pard\sl276\slmult1\cf0\b0\fs24 Yes, sir!\par
 \par
Additional: "Bloodshed beyond this is useless.\par
\par
If you do not wish to surrender, then run.\par
\par
We will not pursue."\par
 \par

\pard\sb240\sa40\sl240\slmult1\cf1\b\fs22 HANS DIETRICH VON SEECKT\par

\pard\sl276\slmult1\cf0\b0\fs24 Dammit!\par
Don't try and make a fool of me!\par
Like I can surrender to the rebel army, much less run away?!\par
At this point, I doubt any of you want to live.\par
The entire fleet will now attack Iserlohn Fortress!\par
 \par

\pard\sb240\sa40\sl240\slmult1\cf1\b\fs22 (18:21)\par
SIMON\par

\pard\sl276\slmult1\cf0\b0\fs24 Reply from the Imperial forces.\par
"You don't understand a soldier's heart.\par
We don't know the path of living on in disgrace, our compensation, only that of dying with our honor intact!\par
Therefore, with His Majesty's grace our only choice is to attack you and die an honorable death."\par

\pard\sb240\sa40\sl240\slmult1\cf1\b\fs22 WENLI YANG\par

\pard\sl276\slmult1\cf0\b0\fs24 [Mad as hell]\par
A "soldier's heart"?!\par
 It's because of bastards like him, that the war never ends!\par

\pard\sb240\sa40\sl240\slmult1\cf1\b\fs22 ED\par

\pard\sl276\slmult1\cf0\b0\fs24 All enemy ships are advancing...\par

\pard\sb240\sa40\sl240\slmult1\cf1\b\fs22 WENLI YANG\par

\pard\sl276\slmult1\cf0\b0\fs24 Can you identify the enemy flagship?\par

\pard\sb240\sa40\sl240\slmult1\cf1\b\fs22 HAZUKI\par

\pard\sl276\slmult1\cf0\b0\fs24 Yes, we can.\par

\pard\sb240\sa40\sl240\slmult1\cf1\b\fs22 WENLI YANG\par

\pard\sl276\slmult1\cf0\b0\fs24 Concentrate fire on it!\par
This will be our last attack!\par

\pard\sb240\sa40\sl240\slmult1\cf1\b\fs22 HAZUKI\par

\pard\sl276\slmult1\cf0\b0\fs24 Target, locked!\par

\pard\sb240\sa40\sl240\slmult1\cf1\b\fs22 WENLI YANG\par

\pard\sl276\slmult1\cf0\b0\fs24 Fire!\par

\pard\sb240\sa40\sl240\slmult1\cf1\b\fs22 (19:11)\par
HANS DIETRICH VON SEECKT\par

\pard\sl276\slmult1\cf0\b0\fs24 Long live the Empire!\par

\pard\sb240\sa40\sl240\slmult1\cf1\b\fs22 (19:17)\par
HAZUKI\par

\pard\sl276\slmult1\cf0\b0\fs24 Imperial flagship, annihilated.\par

\pard\sb240\sa40\sl240\slmult1\cf1\b\fs22 (19:30)\par
PAUL VON OBERSTEIN\par

\pard\sl276\slmult1\cf0\b0\fs24 Fool.\par
 \par
Only if we live, is there a chance for revenge.\par
 \par

\pard\sb240\sa40\sl240\slmult1\cf1\b\fs22 (19:40)\par
FREDERICA GREENHILL\par

\pard\sl276\slmult1\cf0\b0\fs24 Enemy fleet is scattering and retreating.\par

\pard\sb240\sa40\sl240\slmult1\cf1\b\fs22 WENLI YANG\par

\pard\sl276\slmult1\cf0\b0\fs24 Nobody ever really wants to die.\par
 \par
Ltjg. please contact Heinessen\par
 \par
Advise them my mission is now complete.\par

\pard\sb240\sa40\sl240\slmult1\cf1\b\fs22 (19:55)\par
NARRATOR\par

\pard\sl276\slmult1\cf0\b0\fs24 Space year 796, May 14th.\par
 \par
The seventh attempt of the Free Planets Alliance forces succeeded in capturing the so-called "impregnable" Iserlohn Fortress.\par

\pard\sb240\sa40\sl240\slmult1\cf1\b\fs22 (20:05)\par

\pard\sl276\slmult1\cf0\b0\fs24 (Free Planets Alliance Theme)\par
The 13th Fleet was greeted by a storm of cheers.\par
 \par
Yang, who didn't lose a single ally, was called "Miracle Yang" and "Yang the Magician" by the public.\par
 \par
\b SIDNEY SHITHOLE\par
\b0 Resignation? You're quitting?\par

\pard\sb240\sa40\sl240\slmult1\cf1\b\fs22 WENLI YANG\par

\pard\sl276\slmult1\cf0\b0\fs24 Yes, sir.\par

\pard\sb240\sa40\sl240\slmult1\cf1\b\fs22 SIDNEY SHITHOLE\par

\pard\sl276\slmult1\cf0\b0\fs24 I think it's still too soon for you to abandon life.\par

\pard\sb240\sa40\sl240\slmult1\cf1\b\fs22\par
WENLI YANG\par

\pard\sl276\slmult1\cf0\b0\fs24 I'm not; I'm getting back on my original path.\par
I was never cut out to be a soldier, sir.\par

\pard\sb240\sa40\sl240\slmult1\cf1\b\fs22 SIDNEY SHITHOLE\par

\pard\sl276\slmult1\cf0\b0\fs24 Hrrm\'85\line Our military needs your talent as a tactician.\par
Besides...\par
what will happen to your 13th Fleet?\par

\pard\sb240\sa40\sl240\slmult1\cf1\b\fs22 WENLI YANG\par

\pard\sl276\slmult1\cf0\b0\fs24 The 13th Fleet?\par

\pard\sb240\sa40\sl240\slmult1\cf1\b\fs22 SIDNEY SHITHOLE\par

\pard\sl276\slmult1\cf0\b0\fs24 The 13th Fleet is mocked as a collection of defeated remnants and rookies.\par
 \par
If you resign, what will become of them?\par

\pard\sb240\sa40\sl240\slmult1\cf1\b\fs22 ED\par

\pard\sl276\slmult1\cf0\b0\fs24 Admiral Yang!\par

\pard\sb240\sa40\sl240\slmult1\cf1\b\fs22 HAZUKI\par

\pard\sl276\slmult1\cf0\b0\fs24\par
We want to work under a commanding officer we can really admire!\par

\pard\sb240\sa40\sl240\slmult1\cf1\b\fs22 SIMON\par

\pard\sl276\slmult1\cf0\b0\fs24 Please don't resign, Admiral Yang!\par

\pard\sb240\sa40\sl240\slmult1\cf1\b\fs22 SCHENKOPP\par

\pard\sl276\slmult1\cf0\b0\fs24\par
How'd it go?\par
What was Admiral Sithole\rquote s reaction? \par
Of course.\par
I share the admiral's opinion.\par
I have a feeling I'll live a long life if I serve under you.\par

\pard\sb480\sa120\sl240\slmult1\b\fs46\par
\par
\par
Scene 5 Conclusion and Preview\par

\pard\sb240\sa40\sl240\slmult1\cf1\fs22 (21:58)\par
NARRATOR\par

\pard\sl276\slmult1\cf0\b0\fs24 With the capture of Iserlohn Fortress, the delicate balance of power between the Empire, the Alliance, and Phezzan was changed.\par
 \par
Just what the repercussions would be, nobody knew at that point.\par
\par
[PREVIEW]\par

\pard\sb240\sa40\sl240\slmult1\cf1\b\fs22 NARRATOR\par

\pard\sl276\slmult1\cf0\b0\fs24\par
Inside the Empire, as Reinhard fortifies his own camp, before him appears the man with cybernetic eyes: Paul von Oberstein.\par
What is it that those cold, shining computerized eyes see?\par
\par
Next time, on Legend of the Galactic Heroes,\par
Episode 8: "Cold Cybernetic Eyes"\par
\par
\par
Another page turns in the history of the galaxy.\par
}
 